Because that would make things even better . Or maybe we could go somewhere and you could burn your tongue on some pizza . I 'd like that too .
I mean , it 's Fenway . As I 'm walking out to the mound , all I could think about was ... all the legends that had played there before , you know ? How 'd you do ?
I 'm up . My wife 's had an accident with some Quaaludes . - So tired .
Fabulous ! Michael , would you put these lovely flowers in some water , please ? He 's our new assistant manager .
Dude , you do n't have to leave , all right ? You just ca n't put me on watch dog anymore , all right ? Yeah .
College is a waste of time . Four , five , six years of endless side roads and pointless detours . My theory for life is simple ... shortcuts .
I just -- I thought maybe we could hang out , you know , do some stuff back home ... like regular stuff ... get to know each other a little bit better ... and then I 'd see you pee . I mean , you know , that 's just the way I usually do it .
He 's my college roommate . Nice to meet you , Charlie . Well , thanks for seeing us on such short notice .
Dylan , I 've given you every reason not to love me ... And only one reason to . I love you .
Keep the small bills on the outside , and call me if anyone gets drunk . I will call you if anyone , anywhere , gets drunk . - Good .
Look , buddy , no need to worry . From the looks of it , the only lifelong commitment you 'll have is with your right hand . Shit .
Okay . I know it 's a bit long , but you understand why . Oh , I know !
Well , what do you have to say ? - That I need some air . You know ?
Marry someone grand . '' And that 's why she named me '' Lady . '' She named you '' Lady '' ?
I know . I 'm sorry , but , you know , you ca n't barge in and expect to become one of them in six months , either. `` One of them '' ? '' Them '' ?
A month , a year , it does n't matter . We 'll be back to 65/ 70 , and I 'll be fine . You just got ta hold it , okay ?
You both live in the same city . - You really think I should ? - Yeah .
Forget it . I 'm flying to New York myself . I 've got a bunch of partial tickets .
Wake up , man . Look at all these fucking tasty-looking high school girls . We ca n't stop the bus every time you see a girl in shorts .
What 's wrong ? It 's just something Lou said about not waiting , you know ? And I love you .
So , what have you been up to lately , Charlie ? I 'm stuck between Pale White and Moon White . I tried Butterscotch Yellow .
You know , they already think I should be playing Bingo ... - and drinking little umbrella drinks . - They ca n't fire you over an illness .
Yeah . - A lot of people like it . - Oh , I 'm sorry .
You do n't know half of what you think you do . Okay , then tell me the other half . Goddamn it , Dad , talk to me .
Robby , what do you got ? We got movement definitely on Tuesday of that week . There was some large shorts from money out of the Cayman Islands .
I picked that up . He tours with them , but not , you know , with them . Yeah , they 're on the top floor now .
From the very beginning , we said I 'm the front man ... and you 're the guitarist with mystique . That 's the dynamic we agreed on . Page , Plant , Mick , Keith -- but somehow it 's all turning around .
There 's so much to do before the presentation . And I will get it done , okay ? You can count on me .
Bring the heat . He 'll be all over the heat . Come with the off-speed stuff .
I did too . I waited until you broke up with her , but me too . I also slept with Leslie , when you were fighting .
Oh , God , the kitchen . Sixteen thousand times he did the kitchen . It 's beautiful .
He uses his hips and legs for power . Looks like he has pretty quick hands . You 're on your own .
No , they 're right . Sammy only had one eye , but he cut quite a figure . I know what you 're doing .
joint ? - You know how I know this is good stuff ? - How 's that ?
If I ever happen to get into a situation with a patient again I do n't care what it does to our liability you know what you 're gon na do ? You 're gon na back me up . I put this practise together and I made you all filthy stinking rich .
Smokin ' O.P . ' s , Mongrel . When 'd you get into him ? Probably later .
Psychedelic time . I smell a Fineman jam session coming on . Yeah , Burrows Hall-style .
... if Mommy or Daddy 's late- - I ran into Charlie Fineman today . Really ?
Some college roommate ? - Who the fuck is this , Brad ? - Honey , I have no idea .
Bud Fox , huh ? I have n't seen you in years . This is Erin and Christina .
Who are you , Dr. Phil ? Hey , that is quality television . Yeah .
I do n't know . He looks pretty good on paper . I 'll take a look at him , see if he can play .
Palmer , McNally ... Cuellar and Dobson , they lose to the Pirates in the series . Go figure .
This is Jan Winner , publisher of Rolling Stone . Congratulations , it 's gon na be a cover . Annie Liebowitz 'll shoot ' em next week in LA ... but we are gon na need you back in San Francisco tomorrow .
Getting all you here was no easy task , I can assure you that . It was no fun having doors slammed in my face , getting the evil eye on the street , being spat upon , punched in the face , and told I am a horrible person for deserting my pregnant wife . This little ... event was not my idea .
I hate what I do . You know , the money 's good . But I swear to God , I hate putting phoney teeth on phoney people .
Or do I close the deal , then dump her ? '' Well , what would you do if you were me ? Me ?
I know what I said , Bill . Two months we negotiated with these pikers . They pulled out at 7 : 00 p.m .
Our pick 's up in two minutes . If I am wrong , if I 'm wrong , you fire me . But I am telling you right now :
Fella , man , you are more than welcome . And I mean that from the bottom of my heart . Any time .
Just get on with it . Excuse me , mate , is there a toilet here ? Ah , my arse is killing .
Yeah ? Cos see that man , there , Milky ? That man there took abuse off me .
Gadge , come on , Tubs , man . - Fuck off calling me Tubs ! I 'm sick of you , Woody .
You knobhead ! You fucking horrible fucking cunt ! You 're fucking mad as a March hare .
To have people just fucking leave you . Honest , lad , I know how you feel . If you ever want anyone to talk to someone to cry with or just to fucking have a hug or punch the fuck out of ' em ,
Yeah . Now run home , cos Mummy 's cooking curry . Go on .
It 's like the papers say . Sergeant Craven and PC Douglas are on the mend , but they 're not up to questioning just yet . 'Our thoughts go out to the families of PC Tommy Douglas and Sergeant Bob Craven .
Why covert ? Do n't want to go washing our dirty linen in public , do we ? As far as West Yorkshire is concerned , your squad will be there in an advisory capacity .
I 've a young man outside . He 's an unsettled lad , but he 's desperate to speak to you . About what ?
No offence . - None taken , you fat-ankled fucker . Fat ankles ?
Is Dad coming ? Hey , what do you call a man with paper trousers ? Russell .
Scramble-egged his leg in a bike accident . Him and Eddie Cochran were the brightest stars in the firmament when they climbed into a cab outside the Savoy , April 16th , 1960 . Two hours later , they hit a hairpin bend .
# And quite unaccustomed to fear # But the bravest by far in the ranks of the Shah # Was Abdulla Bulbul Ameer
That 's it . # Grey is such a pity Yeah !
Yeah , that was my worst one . Boot polish , as well , on the ... I had a boot-polish number put on the back of my ...
I mean , when I look back now and think of the changes we made to the House of Lords , getting rid of the Hereditary Peers , Scottish Devolution , giving Scotland its first parliament , and then peace in Northern Ireland , sometimes I think what was great about the spirit of that time was that what , on rational analysis was impossible , became imbued by a spirit of possibility and was actually done .
And I can still see it now , and it sickens me now . Ben got a cross in and the lad just went like that with his boot , with his studs and all that business , and he 's straight down . Robbo , who was playing in that game , went up to the guy who did it , just put his finger up like that , I remember him waving his finger like that , and the lad told him two words , and the last one was '' off '' .
GARY : You 've got a kid who 's smaller than most . He 's got asthma .
The only doubts that I ever had were probably in the last half an hour of the Champions League final . Because Bayern Munich were still getting chances . They were hitting the bar , they were hitting the post .
I think we all looked around at each other and we all smiled , because , you know , being looked after by someone like Bryan Robson ... it does n't get much better than that . That was the beauty of The Cliff , was n't it ? We were all , what ...
No . Did you ever read about the evils of drink ? - Yeah .
I needed a picture of him for the first print . His mum wants me to find whomever 's responsible for her son 's death . Well , she would .
What ? - Listen , you best fucking stay away from here . - Let me go !
He ... he 'd been spending a lot more time out at night when I was away . He was a teenage kid . What did you expect ?
Yes . - I am sorry to bother you , Miss Mallon . - Mr . Carver .
My ... My head is a bit foggy , and I am not sleeping a lot . Yes , of course .
You 're a sad man , Gordon . You really want to get this site on the map ? You break this story .
How do you guard the house and drive at the same ... It 's none of your business what I do . Now you need to leave .
Good morning . Please go the fuck away ! Hey , how you doing ?
There 's no limits anymore . Muriel knows how to walk this thing . It 's her damn dog .
Amateurs ! You do n't know who you 're dealing with here ! Lock the gates !
getting you back on your feet . It 's funny how we ended up being neighbors again . Well , I live in the Fairfax district .
I never did . None of us love you . You act above us .
It 's just- Just a sea of sadness . - Yeah .
You look Jewish a little bit . Welcome , welcome , my dear friends . Good afternoon .
I trust you , so I 'm just gon na lay this right on ya . just make us look cool . I will quote you warmly and accurately .
Janeane , I got ta tell you something , babe . I do n't know how I got to the place where I 'm not letting you in but you 're right , I 'm not . And that 's wrong .
Close to $ 100 million by now . Do n't go back in there , Jake . This is who he is .
I like what we 're saying . Let me try and get you a thousand more words . Now , it 's in consideration for the cover ... but do n't tell the band .
Estrella says hi . - She says I can stay in your room . - Sure .
Do not mess this up . I 'll do my best , Bo . Oh , dear God , let me get a hit .
I mean , after $ 600 in room-service bills ? Did n't you get anything on tape with Russell Hammond ? And where were you in this piece ?
There is carnage on Wall Street . The shares of the major financial stocks plummeting . It 's triggering a major sell-off in the markets .
Did you see that girl ? I mean , that was just perfection . You okay ?
They ca n't fire you over an illness . Yeah , well , they can certainly phase me out . I 've only got three months left on my contract .
When Gus scouted me , we spent a lot of time together . To be honest , when I got traded , I think it bothered him as much as it did me . Actually , I remember him saying he had a daughter in college .
I 'd like to hear it . I do n't wan na tell it . Go , Bo !
Yeah , but you did something , and that 's the point , Mom . I make more in a month now than I did in my best year as a nurse . You made a difference .
Pretty , pretty , pretty , pretty Peggy Sue Hi , this is Craig , your pilot . It appears we 've caught the edge of that electrical storm ...
I thought you were the assistant manager . What , are you her personal secretary , too ? - No , I 'm her boyfriend .
How can you tell ? - Did you see a hitch in his swing ? - No .
You should be nervous . All you can do is be yourself ... and leave a pint of blood on that stage . We showed you America .
I got a chance to win this game in front of all these scouts . I 'm visualizing mega endorsement deals . Do not mess this up .
I made it go away . - I 'd like to know how you did that . I invited the woman in , I shut the door I hopped on the desk and I just let her do it .
Better not be . Charlie , if we 're gon na be friends , you have to be able to trust me . - Thought we were friends .
I want you to shut up , Mr. Fallon . This is not going well for you , you hear me ? Shut up .
Besides , four-and-a-half is great in this market . Yeah , except I owe six to the bank . When do I have to be out of here ?
I do n't know why you do n't go home . Because , in spite of you , I feel this dysfunctional sense of responsibility ... to make sure that you 're okay . I know I 'm as blind as a slab of concrete , but I 'm not helpless .
But it 's Rolling Stone . He looks harmless , but he does represent the magazine that trashed '' Layla '' ... broke up Cream , ripped every album Led Zeppelin ever made . Do n't forget the rules , man .
No , I would n't use that word . Well , thank you for seeing me . Did I have a choice , Miss Remar ?
Wait , wait , wait ! You ca n't escape that easily . Come on over here .
Guess that this must be the place I ca n't tell one from another Did I find you or you find me ?
I lied . She cried in her room for days , maybe weeks . Baby girl was in some major pain .
Any fucking time . And clean the place up . It fucking stinks of curry .
I 'm sick of you , Woody . This is why I 'm staying , because you 're always taking the piss , making me feel that fucking big . He 's put things into perspective .
Fucking hell . Picking on a fucking kid , was you ? - Eh ?
# Give it to me four time # Huh , huh , huh , huh # 54-46 was my number # Oh , yeah
I were fucking lying ! Come here and give me a big hug . Come here , fella .
They have n't done nothing to you . Fucking leave them two alone . Leave them alone .
Look , man , erm ... Any chance you can get me any weed ? I just want a smoke .
Lucky you , are n't you ? I tell you ... you know , any , any time you wan na come round for something to eat , you have to come to my grandma 's to get something to eat . - Yeah ?
That 's my other half , that . - It 's my other half , like . - Nice one , mate .
Oh , and you 're banned . Oh , and you 're a mong . Hey , see you , Janice !
Past my bedtime and there 's a ... I 've got to tape summat on aardvarks . - You 're not going , are you ?
I 'll have a word with Woody . I 'll sort it , I promise you . I just feel really bad .
'76 was a very quiet one . That 's favouritism from the boss , I reckon . What do you reckon ?
You know what happened to her ? I know a bit , yeah . The things they did to her .
I 'll have a bitter , please , mate . Yeah , well , Eric , bent as a twobob note . Gets involved with this gang knocking off post offices .
Take care , Pete , eh ? She 's a lovely looking kid . You 're a lovely looking man .
You know that , son . You 've had a few , have n't you , Mr Hunter ? So who 's it going to be , then ?
' I pulled all her clothes off and stabbed her ... ' .. I was steaming with anger . 'Her eyes were open .
It 's a Home Office Review . You think you 're up for all this , Pete ? How do you mean ?
Who 's going to take the fall for Dougie ? Tommy Douglas ... was my best mate . Yeah , a mate with a grudge and a big mouth .
That 's Gene Vincent . Scramble-egged his leg in a bike accident . Him and Eddie Cochran were the brightest stars in the firmament when they climbed into a cab outside the Savoy , April 16th , 1960 .
Nice . Go on then , off you pop . Thanks so much for this .
# Oh , you ask Joyce and Vicky # If I ever shaped up tricky Tell him to shut that racket up !
I 've got a little surprise for you . Ooh , speak of the devil , and he will appear . Can you feel him slouching ever nearer ?
Who 's there ? We got some great tunes . Now all we need is a band with a drummer I ca n't sack .
Oh , whinge , whinge , whinge . I 'm gon na be keeping my eyes on you . Come out of my face with that thing , man .
Ow . Clive and I want to be together . We do n't wan na rush into that .
Kick your head in ! Touch me again and I 'll kick your fucking teeth so far down your Gregory Peck , you 'll be able to eat out of your Khyber Pass ! - Fuck me , look who it is .
Up to half time I could have scored three , four , five goals , I had that many chances and , you know , blew it . GIGGS :
All I remember about being a kid is playing football , playing cricket at the cricket club . And massively about my dad taking me to United as a kid . I always remember the first time I went and I was absolutely mesmerised .
GIGGS : He 's the , you know , the only real proper centre midfielder in the team . So there was a big of pressure on him as well , and it was against a very good team .
At this time , the apprentices can hear his voice , because there was a few of the apprentices out . They 've hid in the wardrobe , they 've hid under the bed , one of them jumped out the window . And he did n't know about them .
GIGGS : I think , again , like Scholesy , it sort of goes under the radar , that goal . PHIL :
It was a wonderful pass . it was Platini . It was just a hoof down the channel , and Coley just dinked it over . And then it 's 2-1 , and you 're thinking , '' Right , we 're at it . ''
Every day we would use Becks ' , 'cause he had these leather seats . And he would go mad . Because we 'd got our football boots on , so we 're dirtying his car .
You know what I mean ? But if it goes back to fundamentally what it was about , it was about us keeping driving forward , keep attacking . We got corner after corner after corner and ...
You call that '' pranks '' . Kids nowadays , they 've just become so much more advanced . Have not you heard ?
You are ... You are like an accident Waiting to happen . Now .
Bruv . You not got a bottle , man . People like you .
Okay . Yeah , what do you think ? Moody and magnificent ?
Jesus . They put the death of cold through me . They make you not want to step out the door .
Okay . Now , obviously , I ca n't stop him from doing this without going down a very dangerous legal road . But rest assured , I 'll do anything short of that to not give you a million dollars .
Stillwater ? `` Hard-working band makes good . '' New album out , their third . Starting to do something .
What do you mean ? I kind of wasted your money , I think . I do n't think there 's gon na be a deal .
Yeah , it is . I 'm telling you , this girl 's seriously troubled . Oh , yeah .
The guy 's out of his mind . He 's talking to witch doctors . He 's gon na murder the stock .
Not really . Wheelin ' and dealin ' is ... it is hard work . Okay .
I 'm gon na go to the resort and blend in with the millionaire crowd . No offense , dude , but that takes some major camouflage . Just let me worry about that , okay ?
You and Scotty have known each other since birth . I only barged into your lives about a year ago . Barging in on me was not cool .
Come on . Honey , whose house is this ? Wow .
But do n't get me wrong . I 'm a dentist , and when people need it , that 's great . I feel for them .
Oh , we have some delicious food here . There is nothing I would love more than grandma 's delicious tongue on rye . But , unfortunately , I have to run .
No matter what you say or do , I am never going out with him . Well , sorry to hear that , but maybe you should tell him yourself . Go ahead .
The Timplemans ? Can we go get Chinese now ? You know what it is ?
Jenny . Jenny , this one she wanted to be a gymnast . She was such a klutz , though .
Charlie collects things from his life . You know , things that he finds germane to his lifestyle . And how would you describe your lifestyle , Charlie ?
I passed on it twice within the last two years . They spin a sexy story with these super-thin cadmium telluride semiconductors , but the truth is , the technology is not proprietary ... We 've been over this , Bretton .
We happen to be working with a company right now . It 's got all the hardware in place . Started by the Department of Energy .
Mom , tell me more about Livia . She killed everybody so her son Tiberius could inherit the throne -- like Nixon . It 's awfully common .
Yeah . I know you 're a vegan and everything , but some of this meat would re ... Yeah , I told him that I thought so , but I called Lloyd just to make sure .
There it is . - Your sister used the '' f '' word . - I think she said '' feck . ''
Where the wheels are turning Home Why I keep returning Home Will infect what ever you do
He comes with a nasty slider that A-Rod just barely gets a piece of . A-Rod 's in the type of slump he could n't hit the beach with a beach ball . Here comes the oh-one .
Churchill Schwartz is . They got a huge stake . Ca n't get behind that size , but you and your boys can .
What ? That 's what my friends used to call me back in high ... I 'm Alex Birch .
That 's good . You 're leaving a lot of good food unattended there . Do you know what therapy is ?
Billy Clark went five-for-five again . He 's been hitting close to 400 since his folks came to visit him . How much did it cost this organization to put his parents up ?
It 's pathetic . That he ca n't just take his ball and go home . He has to piss on the whole game .
I ca n't keep carrying you forever . You 're not the only one who 's in trouble , Ma . Please .
What you got under your coat ? It 's un fair that we ca n't listen to our music . It 's because it is about drugs and promiscuous sex .
Okay , your damages have put you way in the hole for this tour . Right now , you owe the record company more than you 've got . But your record 's selling .
You effectively traveled a long way to pay that promoter to electrocute you . Okay , your damages have put you way in the hole for this tour . Right now , you owe the record company more than you 've got .
What happened here ? My garage is starting to shrink . - I think I 'll drive .
Wilson . You better get your skinny little ass on base . I got a chance to win this game in front of all these scouts .
I mean , look at him , he 's a giant dork . Looks like a lump of shit that someone left on the sidewalk . - Charlie , come on .
See , this is what I 'm trying to teach you about versatility . It 's a crime he has n't won an Academy Award . That 's true .
I 'd like to know how you did that . I invited the woman in , I shut the door I hopped on the desk and I just let her do it . That 's real mature , Alan .
Just have her come over here . And we can study your French together . Oh , you know what ?
Okay . Hey , anyone can figure out life when you 're looking back on it . But we got to live it going forward .
And hey , why not a second home while we 're at it ? Because , gee whiz , we all know that prices of houses in America always go up , right ? It 's greed that makes the government in this country cut the interest rates to one-percent , after 9/ 11 .
Give me a check . Get me a goddamn check . So I hear the old man has a girlfriend in North Carolina , a young one .
Better luck next time , boys . How long before they release me ? You 're just in a slump .
Do n't go anywhere , Opie . - I 'll take care of this . If I can .
So we 're gon na go a different way . They wan na do a three-day psych evaluation at Roosevelt Hospital . That 's standard procedure .
Yeah ! Pick your head up , buddy . Pick your head up , buddy .
Gentlemen , give us a minute . What about moral hazard , Jack ? We bail out Keller Zabel , who 's to say it 's not gon na happen again and again ?
Yeah . You know , they say parents are the bones on which children sharpen their teeth . Find another way for me to get with her .
How about you , Flanagan ? Do n't you feel like you 're over your head , handling a number one pick ? I 've been doing okay so far .
I realized that this ... this long journey that I had to take was the perfect counseling for a torn , confused man like me . When I put on this suit today ,
I do n't know , man . What 's with the questions , man ? I feel like I 'm being interrogated .
There ? Fucking hell , look at them flares . Goof !
Fucking hell . That little fucking whippersnapper has set the standard . - Can you believe that , Banj ?
Have you fucking seen how white he is ! I 've never seen anyone look that fucking sick ! That fucking kid 's arse went white !
see what you can do with this . What C is a fodder plant ... - Hiya , love .
Come on , all of yous . All of yous , get in here . Bloody hell , my arse !
You lovely man . Tell you what , there 's fuck all that this man has n't seen . Banjo , yeah ?
I 'll just put that down there . Ducky , darling , the ones that you 're looking at , these boots ... - Yeah ?
Meggy , one '' f '' or two ? Get me ... a hundred fags , two bottles of wine , a bottle of whisky , and ten cans of lager now . You know what you 're gon na have ?
Oh , fucking hell ! - Fucking look at you , man ! - Fucking hell .
Yeah . Do you know what I 'm on about ? In the shed and stuff .
Porno ? What are you giving her porno for , Meggy ? She 's a woman .
8.31 and eight seconds . I thought Carl was going to have it off your wrist . Took a shine to it , did n't he ?
The Yorkshire bloody Ripper ! He 's down in the Belly now . Get back .
Extra leave ? What about the Ripper Inquiry ? Chief Superintendent John Nolan will take over your team .
That was an excellent job you did today . Do you really think we 're looking for two Jacks ? Well , it 's a possibility , is n't it ?
I ca n't do time . I ca n't take a fall . You wo n't have to , huh ?
She says , '' Oh , aye , what 's that ? '' He says , '' It 's called the wheelbarrow . And what you have to do ... you have to get down on all fours . I 'll get your legs .
Shape up . You got to be brave , all right ? No one 's taking liberties with you , boy .
# Aerosol the bricks # A lawless brat from a council flat Oh , oh Come on , Baxter .
# Noël Coward was a charmer # As a writer he was Brahma # With ...
Go 1-nil down . You know , that 's not in the script , you know , what 's going on ? I had a great chance with my head and skied it .
So it were unlocked and sent back . At dinner times , you just knew when you 've had your dinner , that 's it , the second-years were gon na absolutely try and abuse you . And we just all used to go and hide somewhere .
They are just reacting in addition , trying to make sense . Of the shit that is all around . However , when they cornered .
I guess there is that as well . So , uh , what brings you here ? I have signed him up to do some shows in New York .
Are you ? You are not a fucking mum any more ! My gosh , you can be so cruel sometimes .
Well , who would have thought it . Life in the old dog yet . - Yeah !
Well , There are some lovely head shots Of the area reps in there . Done with real anger .
Please . Do n't take your sunshine away . Cut the crap , Lloyd .
And then they take that extra 50 and they go down to the mall . And they buy a plasma TV , cell phones , computers , an SUV . And hey , why not a second home while we 're at it ?
I look for the one guy who is n't getting off ... and I make him get off . Actually , that you can print ! And yet , why do I always end up feeling like I 'm a joke to you ?
It 's clear as a bell to those that pay attention . The mother of all evil is speculation . Leveraged debt .
Pick your head up , buddy . Pick your head up , buddy . Come on .
Step up ! Get your picture ta ... oh ! Couple late bloomers .
Do n't do it to make friends with people ... who are trying to use you ... to further the big business desire ... to glorify worthless rock stars like Stillwater ! Do n't let those swill merchants rewrite you . - '' Swill merchants . '' That 's good .
I know they did , Charlie . They had long brown hair except little Gina . She kept her hair short , you know .
The prom queen who went missing Alex Roverson ? You got to be kidding me . So , why did n't you get the L.O.I . signed again ?
Come on in . You still pissed at me ? You know , if you 'd have been four inches shorter back then ,
No way . California has made more mistakes than Yogi Berra reciting Shakespeare . Right now , it is ugly times ugly .
Boo Radley is the most interesting character in To Kill a Mockingbird . Boo Radley is the most interesting character in To Kill a Mockingbird . Mom , tell me more about Livia .
Look at this . An entire generation of Cinderellas , and there 's no slipper coming . You want to get high ?
I 'm sorry . I know I missed with Gentry and I 'm sorry about that , but this is real life . - We 're gon na go get a little lunch .
Yeah . What is the definition of insanity ? It 's doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result .
He 's a monster . Three for three , two homers and a single . We could be looking at the next Albert Pujols .
If the Red Sox pass with their first pick ... I know Phillip really wants to take him . Phillip .
Dylan is not really of a sound mind to listen to me , so ... I was wondering if you could talk to her and get her to sign these papers . If you do , we can just avoid the whole prenup and just ...
You wanted to see me ? Steve , stay on top of Harry , okay ? He 's driving me crazy .
Look . You saved the tour , and that 's good enough for now , all right ? - Come on , big fell , let 's go .
Hey , you wan na go to a party with me at my friend Aaron 's house ? I mean , I know you 're a big rock star and all ... but do you wan na hang with some good people looking to have a good time ? - We 're just real Topeka people , man .
Let 's not waste all this Mel . We just got a good dose of Mel . Are we hanging ?
You do n't even know the truth . - Do n't be a drama queen . - Feck you !
Yeah , well , he 's wrong . Wait 'll I see that horse 's ass . It must be so rewarding being one of your close friends .
She was 13 years old and she was going to her first dance ... and she came in the room and asked me what I thought of her outfit . I knew right then that she was n't gon na be a kid any longer . How old was Mickey when ... ?
I do n't want anything to do with your business . I 'm here because you 're so pig ... Gus Lobel .
How long you gon na be here anyway ? I 'll probably close the place down . - Hey .
But I swear to God , I hate putting phoney teeth on phoney people . But do n't get me wrong . I 'm a dentist , and when people need it , that 's great .
So you 're checking up on me now , Janeane ? Alan , I got ta talk to somebody , because you 're not talking to me . - She 's right .
This is public property . - This is n't close to public property . - Yes , it is !
He 's desperate to get you back in his life . He 's not who you think he is , Jake ! People change .
This is more than just charity , Winn . You might want to wipe some of the drool off your face , Jake . Winnie , if it was n't important ,
No , what ? - That was a breaking ball , right ? - Yeah .
Look , you have to believe me . Last night meant more to me than you know . Get out of the way , Mickey .
She says , '' Yes , except that in a bris , it 's one thing . In a get , you get to get rid of the entire schmuck . '' Hey , there .
You 're gon na back me up . I put this practise together and I made you all filthy stinking rich . Especially you , Stelter .
Yeah , we ... we do . - Two weeks is a long time . Come on .
When the world was just beginning I memorized a face so it 's not forgotten I hear the wind whistlin '
So , sorry to be a prick , but we all know how your financial adventures - turned out in the past . - Look , that was a long time ago , okay ?
So we can just open the fucking floodgates and let them all come in ? And say , '' Yeah , come on , come in . Get off your ship .
You know what I mean ? I mean , I 've only got , like , one spliff left on me . I ca n't really give that away .
Look at the size of that brew . Who drinks a brew that big ? I bet you all thought I was a right fucking horrible , horrible , horrible little bastard the other day , did n't you ?
Fucking hell ! You 've blossomed , have n't you , love ? - How are you doing ?
Listen to me now . This dude , here , he spent three years in the pen for me , he never said nothing . If it were n't for him , I would n't be with you guys now .
Has to be number one . He were like that before he went in . Nowt 's frigging changed , at all .
We 'll build all our stuff round that . That 's gon na be our fucking centrepiece . That 's the focus .
I 'll fucking throttle you , you fucking fat piece of shit ! Get the fuck out of here , you fucking goggle-eyed twat ! Get out .
Was it hard ? Here y'are , here 's a corner , why do n't you build a shop ? Better still , why do n't you build a shop and then build a church ?
Yeah . - Wan na hear a fucking joke , yeah ? - Yeah , go on , then .
Sorry , boss . Jobson 's not going to be very happy , is he , the way we 've treated his lads ? Maurice can piss off .
Sharon , please . I 'm not fucking having it . Come on !
Not now . Least the Force saw you all right . Bollocks .
Give it all that , you know . I do n't know how much longer I can get away with it , really , 'cause I 'm a bit of an old chap . Anybody else ?
And I am about to grow up . Sex , drugs and rock and roll . Okay , how about ...
Please . Oh , come on , Bet , just this once . I 've got work .
How are you ? Sometimes it does n't work out , okay ? Sometimes you have to save yourself .
So it was good to see the football and the music thing . You know , what else is there ? What else is there ?
I look back now and think , you know , we should have gone in more and talked to him more , but you were scared . This was like a god . DANNY BOYLE :
One 's from Gorton , one 's from Oldham , one 's from London , two boys from Bury and Ryan from Salford . You never think , years ahead , how they became such a friendly unit . Almost like brothers .
What a goal ! You have seen a magician wave a wand ! And conjure up a trick which the FA Cup and all its glorious past can revel in .
And then it just sort of lifted everything . - I missed a load of chances as well . - We had so many chances , did n't we ?
I put a steaming-hot kettle on the bed , and I put it behind his arse , like that , so I was sort of like that , looking at the lads , laughing , thinking he 's just going to touch it there . And I 've looked round like that , he 's turned round , full pirouette and caught his manhood right on the pot . And you heard a little ... ( MIMICS SIZZLE ) like that as well .
And I think it was probably one of the times when I probably did have to be strong with myself , that what I was doing and what I believed in was right . I first seen him at The Cliff , playing in a game , and he was one of them players that you just , `` Wait a minute , is he right-footed or left-footed ? ''
Really . I do not know why you put up with him . - He taught me the important things in life .
They were all wearing masks . What about the fucker who spat in your face ? Yeah .
I could probably find him . They would pull him in for questioning , but ... Where would that leave you ?
Fifteen . - What is your fucking name ? - Fuck you !
Come on ! However , it is also because they are kids . They are just reacting in addition , trying to make sense .
Dive out the way at the last possible moment . He always was a nuttier . Michael was driving .
We were just fucking about . Well , I am not fucking about . No , no .
Just glad you wanted to do this just out of nowhere . You know , I think it 's about time you get your head around what is and what is n't good music . Oh , right , right , right .
It 's the other properties , Mom . No , but they said they were gon na give me a little more time . And all I need is a 110 grand , and then that way , I can keep all three properties in play .
So , say you were her . What would you bet on ? I would go with ...
Let 's have an adventure together -- you and me -- finally . Anywhere you wan na go , anywhere in the world . This is not my idea of a good time .
And do n't worry . I 'm not gon na back out of the franchise deal . That 's not what I 'm worried about .
Burrows Hall . I was your college roommate . You do n't remember me ?
Sit . So , now that we have our man , let me say a few words . As you all know , our beloved Mike surprised us very much with his unexpected Jewishness and his total conversion .
Dude , what are you doing ? You got to read this shit . Dude , how many credit cards do you sign up for ?
You got an honest face , and they 're gon na tell you everything . But you can not make friends with the rock stars . - Is it okay if I --
Maybe I can help . Maybe you can , maybe you can . That 's what makes the market , Jake .
Well , it 's the same answer . Look , I told you before , Winnie was gon na stake me when I got out . You remember , she reneged .
And worse , you wasted our time . Did you talk to Russell Hammond ? Russell Hammond is the one who denied it .
Some people have a hard time explaining rock ' n ' roll . I do n't think anyone can really explain rock ' n ' roll . Maybe Pete Townshend , but that 's okay .
Here comes the oh-one . A-Rod lines a shot to center . The outfielder ca n't make the play .
I 'd stay up all night , just writing and writing . I mean , like 25 pages of dribble -- You know , about The Faces , or Coltrane .
You 're killing me , Ma ! I 'll wire it to you . Can you stop , please ?
Yeah . Maybe he can find one on his interweb . Spotlight 's really on this kid .
We are like Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie . We have got a prenup . Yeah !
No , actually , it 's a ... I think you 'd like it . It 's really fun .
Yo ! You guys , we are like real celebrities . We are like Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie .
That 's your grandson . You said , '' '' The most valuable commodity I know is time . '' '' You 're looking at time .
Baby , yes . Come on , Penny , join us . Take a vacation from yourself .
Remember this : Do n't do it to make friends with people ... who are trying to use you ... to further the big business desire ... to glorify worthless rock stars like Stillwater ! Do n't let those swill merchants rewrite you .
Phillip Sanderson sent that guy up here to make sure I did n't screw it all up . Well , things are definitely screwed up . So , what do we do now ?
So , how well do you guys know each other ? Call me if you need a rescue . We live in the same city .
All right . And I 'm gon na sing to you like a father would sing to his little Jewish boy . Wow !
I do n't know . What 's the matter with you ? You okay ?
They hate me . You 'll meet them all again on their long journey to the middle . Your writing is damn good .
That 's Charlie Fineman . You know , I decided to sign us up for another photography class . You did ?
I know . Okay , and his swing , is it a two-piece deal or is it nice and fluid ? And then go around the other side and see how he goes the opposite way .
You got shrink hands . - You ordered your salad like a shrink . - Okay .
I met her a couple of times . She passed just before the wedding . You know , my wife and I , we tried to call him so many times .
Why me ? Because your loyalty demanded revenge . Your balls actually attempted it , and your skill pulled it off .
I put it into the new properties . What did you think , it was just gon na shoot up in perpetuity ? Do n't patronize your mother , Jacob Lawrence .
That thing hear you ? His name is Todd and he will , loud and clear . There you go , baby .
Sorry about the kiss . I never had a sister that looked like you . You know what ?
Is this the prenup ? I already have a copy . No , it 's the guest list from your wedding .
They spin a sexy story with these super-thin cadmium telluride semiconductors , but the truth is , the technology is not proprietary ... We 've been over this , Bretton . You are unbelievable , Moore .
You mean the deal that we already sank $ 50 million into , Mr. Brainiac ? Alternative energy is what biotech was 15 years ago , Stan .
Like I told you last night , kid ca n't hit a curve ball . You know how I feel about you , but God Almighty , if you 're wrong ... Well , I 'm not wrong .
Oh , listen to fucking Sigmund Void there . You 're well out of line . Well out of line , man .
Fucking hands off him ! Take what you want , kid . Take the fucking whisky and the ciggies .
Cheap and easy labour . Fucking cheap and easy , which makes us cheap and easy . Three and a half fucking million !
I 'm really starving , man . I 've got the munchies badly . - Combo , have you eaten the biscuits ?
Look at him . You fancy Smell , do n't you ? - Ah !
I 'm starving ! How can you fucking live like this ? There 's not even a mouldy Twiglet .
I had to carry all the bags . All of yous running off on me , hiding on me . Listen to me .
No way , not now . So long as you 're not letting it get to you , Peter , letting it get personal . Mr Hunter , could you comment on the catalogue of bungling and neglect that has characterised this investigation ?
But initially you did n't think it was the same man . At the start , the only links we had was that they were all slags . Until the letter .
Only Dougie . Dougie used to come over and play a round or two with Eric every now and again . Dougie ?
That 's lucky , then , is n't it ? You can keep going back for more until they have to roll you out . Are you sure ?
Yeah . OK , here 's what we 're going to do . I 'm going to give each one of you a year or two of the investigation and 24 hours to get to grips with the files .
OK , here 's what we 're going to do . I 'm going to give each one of you a year or two of the investigation and 24 hours to get to grips with the files . I want details of cars sighted , descriptions of all witnesses , suspects , whatever .
Well , I 'm going to get an early night . See you in the morning , boss . Night .
What 's wrong with that ? Come inside and close the blood claat door , man . Fucking Strang , Strang .
I understand you 've found it difficult to fit in at other schools . Well , our motto here is ex corde vita . Out of the heart springs life .
I 'm still getting used to it myself , actually . See what your old man has to go through every day ? What a palaver .
Your dad 's here . And now , then , let 's see what the old clot has got . For you , Jemima darling ...
Yes , a big hand for you lot . It 's the worst gig we 've ever played since Sidcup Crematorium . But we 'd like to finish anyway with a song called Blackmail Man .
Good , orthodox , lovely . All them southpaws should be buried at birth . Where are you going ?
I just ... You know , I remember some rapper or something , I ca n't even remember his name , coming to the dressing room , and we 're all up dancing , or trying to dance on the side of the ...
I mean , the press were ridiculous . The boss called me and he said , '' Do n't worry , son , `` it 's over , you 'll come back , you 're a Manchester United player ,
I used to call him '' Treacle '' . `` All right , Treacle . '' You know , and just ... That was his nickname .
He did n't say '' seriously '' , he said something else , but he said , '' Stop doing those Hollywood balls ! '' I remember in the youth team , he used to have Eric Harrison banging on the door at him , calling him all the names in the world for playing stupid Hollywood passes , and he kept doing it . He 'd bang at him and he 'd get hammered and he kept doing it and doing it , and then he ended up being one of the best long passers in the game .
Have you seen it ? Because I was running waiting for you to square it . And you ran away celebrating , and you take your top off , and I go like that ... ( LAUGHS )
Listen now . - Stay the fuck away from here . - Do you know what is going to happen to you ?
Is it something that he said ? It is not fucking Luca . It is not fucking Luca !
I am the one going to hell . You are just Fucking standing there . Watching .
However , the scary thing is ... That these kids ... and that 's all they are ... they are just babies . They do not think what they have done is that wrong .
Maybe he can find one on his interweb . Spotlight 's really on this kid . Well , there 's breakfast .
Look away , look away Look away , oh , yeah I do n't wan na sound like a rooster taking credit for the dawn , but turning $ 100 million into $ 1 . 1 billion in this market , takes some brains , right ? My guys are good .
It 's like you 're gon na use a bow and arrow more . - Each one will have different powers . - What are we doing ?
You are the moral hazard . You are the worst kind of toxic debt this system 's polluted with . Is this a threat ?
You got to be kidding me . So , why did n't you get the L.O.I . signed again ? Alex is coming to the restaurant on Friday .
We 'll do the meet-and-greet , you 'll see what you think if you like her , we go from there . - Am I wrong about her tits ? - No , you 're right .
You remind me of some a-hole back in Punkton , Kansas , when I was a kid . Oh , yeah , I remember you . Sorry , kid .
Keep it on and clean the table ! - What seems to be the problem ? He wants to get fired , Mr. Lipnick .
What happened to that woman ? The one that wanted to go down on you ? I talked to Melanie at the office , and she said you made it go away .
Thanks for playing . All right , now , those of you who were screwed by the groom . Yeah !
I just - I got ta be really careful , though , I don't- I just know I 'm better off not having certain thoughts .
But it 's a trust . I mean , she could n't break into it before she was 25 anyway . Are you as dumb as you sound ?
You , Gordo . You want to make one last trade ? Well , that depends .
We like bedtime stories . I miss you like crazy , and I love you , baby , and I 'm sorry . Bretton James , the rumor is that he was shorting Keller Zabel stock before he ended up acquiring it .
That 's what the big boys do . Because if you think Mick Jagger 'll still be out there ... trying to be a rock star at age 50 , you 're sadly , sadly mistaken . I did n't invent the rainy day , man .
It 's a T-shirt . Do you give a shit about a T-shirt ? I 'm just hungry , man .
And while he was hardly attentive , the one thing he did give me was experience . I took a lot of road trips . I grew up around men who swore , drank , and farted .
I 'm telling you , you 're coming along at a very dangerous time for rock ' n ' roll . That 's why I think you should turn , go back , and be a lawyer or something . But I can tell from your face that you wo n't .
`` `` Wake up '' '' is positive. `` '' Stop sleeping '' '' is a negative . Either way , it 's not my favorite part of the day .
I just did n't want you to have life in the cheap seats . They were n't the cheap seats . Spending every waking moment with my dad watching baseball ... eating food that was no good for me .
Home is where I want to be Pick me up and turn me round I feel numb Born with a weak heart
Anyway , I need you around to talk to her . You were always good at that . I have a hard time with that , you know ?
Why do n't you show me what you got ? Come on , you stubborn mule . Give me something .
No , Mr. Moore . Putting 50 % leverage on toxic debt made them true . Look , Zabel once knew how to run money .
A fisherman always sees another fisherman from afar . I think you ought to start calling me Gordon . Well , I promised you this ,
Doris is the soul of this band . That bus has been our home since we were the Jeff Bebe band . No way .
They refer to the women as '' chicks . '' - As a woman , I have a problem with that . - You want ' em to like you .
Until the past few months , to me , she was a dream unfulfilled . I recently found out that I was her dream , too . When we reconnected after such a long time , we instantly felt that nothing between us has changed with time .
All the real big ones . I 'm with you there , brother . All right .
I spoke to a neighbour and she talked about them as if they were the Joneses living next door all these years . And in that moment , I lost my equilibrium . And I fell , right there on the sidewalk .
Oh , well , you can speak freely . I mean , this one 's totally knocked out . She 's a thousand miles away .
Handleman , Andrew Handleman . - He did n't take shit from nobody . - Oh , yeah .
Looked like a burn but it was n't . When she was little , they said it was gon na go away but it never did . Jenny .
Because I know you . You 're holding out for something better . Well , do n't .
It 'll get some play . Look , Bretton is not an enemy a kid like you wants to have for life . Just get out of this racket .
I had him , you know ? Yeah , no , you had him good . You had him good .
Yeah . Look , when I first signed you up , you were hitting great . You were the quickest bat alive .
When she was 18 , I told her she would come into it all when she turned 25 . And she agreed to stake me when I got out . Then Rudy died , and she reneged .
By the way , I think I 'm really starting to like Alex . You ca n't get a better proof of trust than that check . Okay .
No . We 're supposed to make each other feel safe . Otherwise , what 's the point ?
You know when I asked you to suck my tits and stuff , I just thought that you were n't that into it . I only did n't suck your tits cos I 've never done it before .
Woody . So , last night was good fun , were n't it ? - Do n't start .
Shut t'door behind you , there 's a good lad . Oh , hang on , I forgot about summat . I were fucking lying !
Eh ! Look at t'moosh on him . - Smell his finger .
Let us worry about that , yeah ? You just keep it together , lad . I am not going to be the fucking goat !
Clare Strachan . Lucky the Ripper wrote that letter , eh ? Otherwise Clare would have been just another unsolved .
Just go . They 're not finished with me , mate . I 've got a meeting with Angus in The Owl at two .
Which is why we 've asked you here today . We want you to head up a covert Home Office inquiry into the Ripper investigation . Why covert ?
`` Dear Bill , I warned you and Jack from the Post there 's a surprise waiting for you in Preston. `` Whores getting younger all the time. `` Yours respectfully , Jack .
As far as West Yorkshire is concerned , your squad will be there in an advisory capacity . Mr Hunter , this goes right to the top . The Home Secretary is taking a personal interest .
into the English language , and whose new song Spasticus Autisticus has been labelled outrageous and offensive . We also have with us Graham Hart from the Spastics Society to talk about full participation in the Year of the Disabled . - Hello , there .
Kirk Douglas is just about to get crucified . Yeah , I know , but I 've just written a brilliant riff , right ? - I promise you , it 's a brilliant ...
# I must give all proceedings to myself # I 'm Spasticus , Spasticus Spasticus Autisticus # I 'm Spasticus , Spasticus Spasticus Autisticus # 54 appliances in leather and elastic
# Sweet Gene Vincent I hope you do n't mind me saying , but you are being a bit of a right old moody . We said we 'd look after him , Ian .
Oh , God . You fight like a bloke , . Oh , great .
# What often came in handy # Was passing her a mandy # She did n't half go bandy
We was going to call ourselves Cripple , Nigger , Yid , Chink and Dead Fish , but we did n't get any bookings . Could you direct us to the artistes ' dressing rooms ?
I 'm more of an Emerson , Lake and Palmer man myself . I thought you were fucking great . Really ?
We got some great tunes . Now all we need is a band with a drummer I ca n't sack . Hit me !
`` Swearing on the television `` is not funny and not fucking clever ! '' Language .
Enough with the rhyming couplets . Look , I will pay front money for the room , proper wedge . You can be the stern landlady , with the surgical stockings and the twinkle in her eye ...
Look at Scholesy , look at Scholesy . And all he had to do was square it to me and I 'd make a big run and I tell you , I think I was still 20 yards behind him , and I was sprinting as fast as I could . That was Ryan Giggs , whether he was playing on Lower Broughton Road ,
I wanted to dive onto their bench and just celebrate . To look over to a bench that thought they 'd won a game , and they 've lost it , is the greatest feeling in the whole wide world . You know , for us to come back and score two late goals , sort of set the tone of the season , and it was , for me , it was the turning point that ...
He 'd batter on the window and they would n't look up ! They 'd be dead scared to look up . But if they did n't see him at the window , they knew he was on the way down .
You 'd come in the dressing room and there was a tray of sandwiches and , you know , the big hot silver pots with tea in or coffee . Obviously we were just sat in the dressing room , a freezing cold day . Peter Schmeichel , obviously , he walks up to get a sandwich and a cup of tea , absolutely bollocko .
Great . He who snorts Colombian , thinks Colombian . Very nice , good sir .
Hello , Tom . He always used to ask after You when you were gone . - I was his dad .
A beautiful woman like this go out all on her lonesome . Whilst you sit on your sorry as with me all night . You have your priorities all wrong , my friend .
Well . What line are you taking ? Lot of gangs around here .
Because you only need a cell phone ... - ... if Mommy or Daddy 's late- - I ran into Charlie Fineman today .
Thirteen banks were approached in 2000 to rescue Churchill Schwartz . Bretton James ' division was over-invested in the Internet bubble collapse . Each bank was going to put up 100 million , but Zabel said no .
I 'm twelve . She skipped me a grade . Big deal .
Yeah . Well , I think some of those guys had some ... Pretty valid points .
I ai n't got no body And nobody cares for me He 's out of his mind .
Welcome to the club . Although I have some good news . There 's a 10 percent discount on the people attending .
Thirty of our people have been through the Keller Zabel books for the last three days . And they still say it 's impossible to get to the bottom of this . This could be a 1 0-billion dollar hole for us .
So , I do n't want you to misunderstand me . Feel free ... tell me what you think . What 's this ?
Let me just try it . - Okay , how do you shoot it ? - Square is to stab him .
When we reconnected after such a long time , we instantly felt that nothing between us has changed with time . In fact , our love has grown in the last few weeks . If I deny these feelings ,
It 's doing well , actually . They get about 50,000 hits a day . It 's building .
The developers are on my ass , okay ? I just need you to bridge me . What about the money from Sagamir Road ?
Because they make you feel cool . - And , hey , I met you . You are not cool .
Billy Clark ai n't got nothing on you , baby . That Billy Clark is a bum . We have n't seen him hit a baseball all year .
Save Russell ! They 've been crying for you like a bunch of whimpering pussies . Oh , this band 's over .
Sell ! Robby , I got to call you later . Have you seen Zabel ?
Yep , combined with Steve Carlton and Randy Johnson . And that 's not even his best pitch . Show him a curve .
Because , in spite of you , I feel this dysfunctional sense of responsibility ... to make sure that you 're okay . I know I 'm as blind as a slab of concrete , but I 'm not helpless . - I 'll put a bullet in my head , that happens .
You would n't want to soil her name , right ? Well , you may not have traded , but you try telling the Feds you did n't commit a felony . What do you mean ?
I 'm a realist . You 're a real piece of work , Bretton . You 're giving the money to Babaco because it 's a hustle .
That was Lester Bangs , this is Alice Wisdom , and here is Iggy Pop . So you 're the kid who 's sent me those articles from the school newspaper . Yeah .
Wilson , that 's a retarded question . I 'll have patience with you since you 're not yet worldly . See , when a player gets to the Majors , chicks come out of a deep freeze .
I 'm seeing somebody , sort of . And has he got a job ? He 's an attorney .
He 's taking notes with his eyes . How do we know you 're not a cop ? Huh ?
Is that what this is all about ? I was his best friend . His golfing and his fishing buddy , okay ?
I 'll get that , Mom . Yeah , I 'll see what I can do on that . Dad , I 'm starving .
I 'll introduce you to him and his security guard , Dennis . Do n't you have any regular friends ? Famous people are just more interesting .
Yeah , yeah . Any chance of you getting audited this week ? Because that would make things even better .
Because I do n't wan na be that guy , baby . I do n't wan na be that guy . I do n't know if anything I said even makes any sense , but ...
I tried everything . I put him in the 1 2-step deal . I never told you , I borrowed money from hardcore guys .
I understand . You know , because once you go to L.A. , you 're gon na have friends like crazy . But they 're gon na be fake friends .
Guess Scotty and I share something ... getting you back on your feet . It 's funny how we ended up being neighbors again .
I feel like this is my fault . You know , like I pushed you too hard . I just wanted you to be better or something , I do n't know .
looking at you , one eye open . Money 's a bitch that never sleeps . And she 's jealous .
We ca n't keep doing this shit , Charlie . Look , I do n't know what I said to you in there that got you so pissed off but I 'm sorry , Charlie , all right ? All right .
Where 's Mike ? Oh , why do n't you ask our new head manager ? Proudest jew on the block .
Their culture 's as much about manners as it is about business . They 're on the hook , Jake . That 's all I care about .
It 's a dish you stick to cold , pal . I 'm about to serve it up hot , Robby . I told you .
If you want an autographed picture of Bo , he signs before every game . It 's a bargain , 25 bucks a pop . Autographs ?
Waaaah ! Right , this is where all the fucking Pakis go to work in the chicken factory . - Fucking do it , boys .
What ... ? Get the fuck out of my seat now ! Out of this tunnel or I 'll make your life a living fucking hell .
Tell the truth , Wood , man . I was fucking horrible , were n't I ? - A bit of a bastard , man .
You 've been gone an hour . - Look how pissed he is . Babycham ?
# Listen to what I say # Listen to what I say # Oh , I said , hear me now # Yeah , yeah # Listen to what I say # Listen to what I say
If I come , you 're just gon na kick my head in in the middle of a field . Woody said if I come within five feet of you , he 's gon na kick the shit out of me . And why on earth are you dressed like that ?
I would n't have done it if I knew you did n't like it . Listen , I 'm gon na leave him here with you . I 'm gon na trust you , Shaun .
You wan na talk to me about stuff ? Well , I ca n't fucking wait . Let 's go .
Cos I do n't like these . I want them ones , Mum . Come on .
Listen , I 'm gon na leave him here with you . I 'm gon na trust you , Shaun . All right ?
to maintain peace , with freedom and justice is always expensive . It 's less expensive than war , particularly in human life . Might there be a time when we talk to the Argentines again ?
I do n't think I will . We 'll catch our Ripper , not you , Mr Hunter . You 're taking your time about it , are n't you ?
'We saw my friend Eddie come for his revenge . 'Eddie settled his score and then we saw him leave . 'And then BJ and Clare'saw what came after . '
Gets involved with this gang knocking off post offices . It all goes belly up . They take it out on him .
I work with the sick , the lonely , the dispossessed . Goodness , I 'm not under arrest , am I ? You do n't like the police much , do you ?
It 's not the Yorkshire Post , is it , boss ? It 's part of Eric 's stash . Nice .
This man has to be caught . The police services are stretched to their utmost on the investigation . I 've got to admit to the public that we 've not been successful up to now .
I could n't continue my inquiry for personal reasons . These investigations , they make you popular with the West Yorkshire lads , did they ? No , sir .
You 'd better hop to it , Mr Hunter . Do n't want winter in the house now , do we ? Oh , God .
# A raspberry ripple , a buckle my shoe I 'm the blackmail man # A silvery spoon , a bubble and squeak # I 'm the blackmail man
`` Came home to find another gentleman 's kippers in his grill `` So he sanded the geezer 's winkle off with a Black Decker drill . '' You 're all right , Clive .
No , this is rented for a small fortune , actually . Oh , well , you know , we 've got ta be here'cause we 've got to work , have n't we ? It 's industrial relations now .
Stiff , yeah . Their motto is '' If it ai n't Stiff , it ai n't worth a fuck ! '' How 's school ?
The world does n't revolve around you ! Oh , I think you 'll find it fucking does . - How was school ?
Yeah , very bleeding ' funny . - Not as funny as this , mate . - You 're fucking fired !
Getting better . You 're not gon na shout at me again , are you ? You actually been in yet ?
GARY : Got to remember that in the , sort of , ' 60s , ' 70s and ' 80s , that Liverpool had an incredible time , you know , in music , football , and I suppose in some ways , this last 20 years has been Manchester 's time .
So , if you were new , or if you were a foreign player , and you did n't know Scholesy , you soon got to know , if you 're going to have a piss , then do n't turn your back . One day I did catch Phil Neville with a beauty , actually . It was about 60 yards away , right on the other side of the pitch , and I think he was doing a bit of extra running after training .
What those young players felt was possible for them as players , there was a curious kind of echo in culture , in art and in politics . I mean , when I look back now and think of the changes we made to the House of Lords , getting rid of the Hereditary Peers , Scottish Devolution , giving Scotland its first parliament , and then peace in Northern Ireland , sometimes I think what was great about the spirit of that time was that
They 'd be like , you know , jogging on the spot. `` Lads , relax , there 's an hour to go till kick-off yet . Relax . ''
Just ruin , you know , put our studs over the seats . It got nicked in the end , the car . But it looked great while I had it .
I could n't work it out . Do you remember Kiddo , after you had been left out ? `` I thought you were playing . ''
Teams knew that , no matter what the score was , we would still come back at them . It 's at the back of their mind that , '' They always come back , these . '' That season , the Liverpool game , we knew we 'd score late ,
Fuck off ! Okay , folks , Nothing to see here . Get back to class , please .
Went down to the crime scene the other night . You are going to have to give me a wee bit more to work on . The young lad .
What do you say now , jackass ? That 's known as trouble with the curve . Well , there 's no doubt that Rigo Sanchez should be offered a contract .
Alex , come outside ! Alex , I 'm here to pick you up ! I have your corsage !
I was looking for you . - I was gon na introduce you . - What happened to you last night ?
You may not get there , but you hold on to that . Because everything else is just noise . It 's not just noise .
And while they were negotiating , we lost the Koreans . So you 're saying you do n't have an out . No , I 'm saying , just give me one week .
I 'm family . Would you mind telling me who you 're related to ? - Look who 's here .
You know , my wife and I , we tried to call him so many times . Had n't seen him in years , and I read about what happened in the paper and I was just - I was just heartbroken for him , you know ?
Drink to that . Under strict rabbinical law , I have to tell you , you 've got to ask me three times so I can do it . - Please ?
This is too big to fail . This is just an insane situation . This is now .
I kind of wasted your money , I think . I do n't think there 's gon na be a deal . But there are other companies we 're gon na go to .
Just do n't say faggot . Do n't just call people faggot . That 's rude .
It feels weird to be offering congratulations to you , Mike . I did n't think you could pull it off . I have ... never had such a strong bond with anyone as I have with you .
And I fell , right there on the sidewalk . And the thing is , Dr. Johnson , I have n't yet gotten up . Now , my behaviour towards you is inexcusable , I know that .
I think my daughter 's future is looking a hell of a lot better . I never made any money shorting Hydra . You 're kidding me .
You 've got me . See you back in the real world . Thank you , William Miller .
Remember facial hair ? If you had facial hair , you were an alien from outer space . True story .
I 'm looking at all my buddies making all this money and I 'm thinking , '' '' Fellas , `` '' there 's no there , there . '' '' You know ? But listen , I 'm at your table .
I guess I was wrong . One of them ended up saving her life . What do you care ?
You know ? You 're more important than all the silly machinery . Silly machinery .
I do n't think so . - You want to kill a guy touches my arm ? - I had him , you know ?
She never visited me again . She told me she had a small trust from you and her mom , but she did n't care anything about it . She was going to give it to charity when she was 25 .
That 's good . - The city does n't wan na make a big case out of this . A 9/ 11 widower gets beat up by the cops .
How could you ? You were only 6 years old . I sent you out , and then I started beating the shit out of this guy .
Divorce can have a devastating effect on a child , as my case studies attest . I can also personally attest to this because I come from a broken family . I was raised by my grandparents , and not that they did n't take care of me , because they did , but I still wish that my parents were there , too .
Prescott just went three-for-three again last night . Did n't he just get arrested for assault ? Allegedly .
I 'm a prop trader at Keller Zabel . I specialize in energy with a focus on ... Sorry about Lou .
They 're gon na try to corrupt you . You got an honest face , and they 're gon na tell you everything . But you can not make friends with the rock stars .
Done for . I tried like mad to block that trade . How long you gon na be here anyway ?
Let us be lovers We 'll marry our fortunes together I 've got some real-estate here in my bag
What do I try to make you do , Charlie ? Talk about things I do n't wan na talk about . Well , for the last few weeks , you 've been saying you were getting ready ...
So , if you were n't there closing the deal , what were you doing there the whole time ? We were just catching up on things , you know , doing the whole P.R . game with her , her what a great franchise Lipnick 's is gon na be . Five days is a long time to talk .
Mickey . She 's a damn good lawyer and I 'm sure she can whip up some papers ... - make that young man some money .
An entire generation of Cinderellas , and there 's no slipper coming . You want to get high ? Looking to get high ?
Wanted to talk to me about the kitchen remodel that she and the girls wanted to do . And I was busy , running out the door and I fucking snapped at her . Oh , man , the last time I fucking spoke to her .
What do you think ? I just got off the phone with Atlanta . We 're not gon na take him because he ca n't hit a curve .
No . The sheriff is a nig- I ai n't got no body
He died in his sleep , in his bed and Mom 's here with us now and she 's very upset and she needs you . Wait a minute , wait a minute . He 's dead ?
I got a hunch . I hope it 's better than your last one . Do I hear revenge here ?
I can provide for myself just fine . Hudson , he 's really painting the corners tonight . Guy 's a true artist .
You know , like me . He 's got an ego the size of Antarctica . Like me .
But I guess now is as good a time as any . - I 'm in love with your granddaughter . - In love ?
There 's nothing quite like a ring ... Can you take me to the money room ? You mean the private client foyer ?
The government , if we guarantee this deal , could never justify a high price for your company . And if you do n't sell , Lou , you 're in bankruptcy . This is a public spectacle now .
Use the money . Because one day , you 're gon na wake up and you 're gon na be dead . Lou , you got to get yourself together , all right ?
This is a sham ! Those flowers Jeremy brought for you . Then that 's what the invites will say ...
I liked it when you gave me that cake . I thought it was cool . Did you make it ?
For this , and for what ? So we can stick our fucking flag in the ground and say , `` Yeah , this is England and this is England
Thanks for looking after him , mate . - Look at the size of him , mate . - Always ready to have a go .
No , seriously , Combo , man . I 've got to tell you , mate , you 're a good geezer , man . Seriously .
It 's Gadget 's mum and dad . Get the fuck up , Gadge . Listen to me .
Look at the size of that dog . - Gadge , have a look at that dog . Just get on with it .
Do what you want . '' When there 's single fucking parents out there , who ca n't get a fucking flat and they 're being given to these ... And I 'm gon na say it , cos you 're gon na have to fucking hear it .
We live here and we 're staying here . I do n't like it here , Mum . I liked it better when we were with Dad .
# And if I do that , I would say # Sir , come on and put the charge on me # I would n't do that
All right . I 'll be down in a minute . - Hurry up !
A good mum and dad . Yeah , I ca n't knock ' em at all . I was one of them kids where ...
Did you ? Are you a proper little skinhead , then , yeah ? Yeah .
I hurt my shoulder back there . Been ferreting about for ages . - Are you all right , love ?
Yeah . ' .. have again embarked on a hunger strike after the Home Secretary refused ... ' Ladies and gentlemen , last night , an emergency meeting of the West Yorkshire Police Committee was called in light of the confirmation of Laura Baines as the 13th victim of the Yorkshire Ripper .
Tell me ! She was n't one of the Ripper 's . Why was she killed ?
Morale 's low . Bill going was the last straw . Our presence does n't help .
He 's going to rip this whole fucking thing open . Not a word , Dickie , eh ? Not a word .
But not the lads or the press . We 're gon na keep it low-key . Thank you .
Here 's the problem , Bob . You 've been looking for some hunchbacked lorry driver with a Geordie accent , flesh between his teeth and a hammer in his back pocket . Who do you think we should be looking for , then ?
Yeah . I think they left some bits out when they rebuilt him . God , that was a mess .
Shut it ! I 'm not having this shit telling me what I can and ca n't say ! Come on , John .
Yeah , plenty of time for sleeping when you 're dead . The last chicken in the shop , the juicy golden goosey and I am cooked .
I ca n't handle this . I 'm on a flow at the moment , right ? I 'm right in it .
Why , do n't they have three inches of piss in the dressing rooms ? Nah , it 's all shag pile carpets and extraordinary acoustics . # For he 's a jolly good fellow For he 's a jolly good fellow ... #
# I 'm Spasticus , Spasticus Spasticus Autisticus # I 'm Spasticus , Spasticus Spasticus Autisticus # 54 appliances in leather and elastic # 100,000 thank-yous from 27 spastics
# I 'll let the fancy take you # And you 'll wake up and make love # You come awake
19 years old , it 's not very realistic to think that you can win things . I was n't probably at that stage of my career where I felt comfortable to sort of , you know , '' Do n't worry about it , it 'll be all right . '' You know , I was n't at that
Nicky , at youth level , was the best player in the team . He had an unbelievable temperament , he could play on any stage , at any level , and not be phased . BUTT :
Yeah . - Sat in my seat , yeah . They 're sat in their seats , they 've done me over .
So the FA Cup final comes on the Saturday , and we just want peace . We were playing against Newcastle , and you just want a comfortable game . You never get that in an FA Cup final , it 's always nervy , it 's always tense .
Because we 'd got our football boots on , so we 're dirtying his car . And he 's , '' Lads , lads , do n't scuff the leather , whatever you do . '' I ca n't actually remember saying it .
Where would that leave you ? I brushed off that kid , In addition , here we are .
Carl . You are not going to wimp out on me now , are you ? Eh ?
She makes me smile . Well , who would have thought it . Life in the old dog yet .
In addition , panicked . He slammed on the brakes , However , it was moving too quickly . Stevie went straight over .
Bye . - I guess that is the hard bit out of the way . - Yeah .
Why did I never meet you ? Met many of his mates , did you ? Listen , I am not the one on fucking Trial here .
What did you think , it was just gon na shoot up in perpetuity ? Do n't patronize your mother , Jacob Lawrence . Of course I know the risks involved .
I 've made a decision . I 'm gon na live in Morocco for one year . I need a new crowd .
Thanks . Hey , it was fun watching you up there tonight , man . It was good music .
Famous people are just more interesting . Well , I would be worried that they were using me . Boy , if this was the real world ...
I 'm sorry about the way I behaved the last time I was here , doctor . But when I see you in the building , you always seem very busy . Preoccupied .
Dude , this is your life we 're talking about here , not a credit card , okay ? Look , there 's an attorney in my cigar club . He owes me a favor .
Yeah , Mike , I think you should really reconsider Kimberly . Dude , she probably thinks you 're some millionaire 's son with all those boss shirts you 've with all been borrowing from Scott . Those boss shirts that I 've been borrowing from Scott do n't even make Scott look like a millionaire , dude .
No ! It 's just thousands of theses sit in a library gathering dust . You know , they change nothing .
Johnson , damn it , get on . - Just get on the back . - Wait a minute !
Dad had bad luck . He took a shot and he failed . But he took a shot , Ma .
Now we got ta -- Come on . Feed some liquid into your stomach . So I guess what I 'm trying to say is ...
Not that you care about the money . But let 's say I could take out a loan against it , your risk as much as possible . Would you do this for me , Winn ?
She 's not that crazy about marriage , you know . I mean , look at her parents . A girl 's got to get it straight with her pop , do n't you think ?
I 'm gon na fly back Monday morning . No , no , no , I 'll only miss one test . I 'll be back for graduation .
I ca n't really tell . How do you know when it 's kicked in ? I am a golden god !
Some of us have wives . And some of the people that you meet on the road ... are really amazing people . Like you .
Course . Because if for any reason , you 're not up to it ... we could send somebody from Charlotte . Might be easier on you .
Take the haircut and sell . You 're on a 50 % margin , buddy . I can still get you out now at a total loss , but at least you wo n't owe .
We used to go to the same White Castle . Say , do you guys wan na get some lunch after this ? Yeah .
His hands drift . He ca n't get any punch into a breaking ball because his hands are just . Well , he still hit it out .
Not so much ' cause we 're right by the dumpster , and the trash guy forgot to stop on our street again . So , listen , I 'm gon na go in , I 'm gon na take a shower , and then maybe I can muster a little romance for you . - Hold ... hold on .
I had some vacation days . Could n't think of a better place to use them . Well , they have telephones .
Dude , she probably thinks you 're some millionaire 's son with all those boss shirts you 've with all been borrowing from Scott . Those boss shirts that I 've been borrowing from Scott do n't even make Scott look like a millionaire , dude . You guys are just jealous .
You did n't trade it ? That would 've been insider trading , Mr. Gekko . Remember , your daughter and I are engaged .
Motherfucker ! - Let 's go through the fucking gate . That 's your last fucking tour , man !
We all have our roots . I believe in bands holding on to their roots . Those roots need to be augmented .
Then step up . Can we agree on being exclusive ? See what happens .
Oh , it 's over , daddy . - Hey ... there 's acid in the beer that 's in the red cups . That 's wonderful .
You know how these doctors are , they do n't know their right from their left . You 're always reading in the paper ... about how they 're taking off the wrong part of some poor guy . You need to meet with a specialist .
I 'm sorry . And you wanted to give me a million dollars to make up for it ? I do n't have any friends other than you , Johnson .
On September 12th , 2001 , that was over . He wants nothing to do with me . Nothing to do with my wife .
Make him money and melt his ass . Just like the old days . We slaughtered men for payback .
Did he sound upset ? Screw him , he destroyed this company . You waltz in there like Russell Crowe in Gladiator .
What you doing with hot dogs ? I could n't hold out any longer . One of those for me ?
How much do I owe you ? That one was pro bono . Oh , thanks .
Oh , hey , let 's get some Chinese . Come on , do n't be such a pussy . All right , does everybody see what it is ?
What does she want ? She wants to go down on me . - Well , you tell her you ca n't do that .
I was hoping that you were gon na come . I saw you on the cover of that one magazine . Is this for me ?
Bottom line . It 's borrowing to the hilt . And I hate to tell you this , but it 's a bankrupt business model .
Because you 're the first scout I 've ever been attracted to , thank God . I 'm not a scout , I 'm a lawyer . Normally , a deal breaker , but I 'm all about expanding my level of tolerance .
That is so cute . You 're a real charmer , you are . Careful .
It were awkward . It was er ... a little on the tense side . I know , mate , I 'm sorry .
What yous doing , boys ? Get in the fucking car , will you ? Get in the fucking car !
Fuck all . Neither did any of yous . Not one of yous stood up and made yourself count for that man there .
Can I just have a little word with you ? - I 've got a brew coming . - Only be two minutes .
Yeah . Not that it ever made a difference . - Ready ?
You look a bit nervous . I 'm not gon na do anything you do n't want me to . Have you ever done this before ?
Why would I want to do that ? Because it 's in your nature , is n't it ? No .
Very convenient . Yeah , it is , is n't it ? Very convenient .
Yeah , they are . Someone burnt my house down . My fucking house !
Tommy Douglas ? Yeah , and his wife , Sharon . She was much younger than him .
Can you drive ? Yeah , see , she can drive . And I bet she can make fucking sandwiches and all .
# Round or skinny bottoms # Take your mum to Paris lighting up the chalice # Wee Willie Harris
It almost did . Count the blessings in the here and now , eh ? Tired , Ian .
# Being rather silly and porridge oats # A bit of grin and bear it , a bit of come and share it # You 're welcome , we can spare it yellow socks
I might be a fucking cripple , mate , but I 'm dangerous , all right ? You wan na sort out your inner calm . Nice one , Davey , go on .
Could you direct us to the artistes ' dressing rooms ? Oh , you are so gon na miss all of this . When we 've made our millions and we 're playing Hammersmith Odeon ...
# And donned his most truculent sneer # Downtown he did go , where he trod on the toe # Of Abdulla Bulbul Ameer
Freshen it up . I thought it was looking a bit jaded . - You do n't like it , do you ?
Look at me . Were n't I a lovely little chap ? But in the pool , evil lurked .
We were nowhere near him , do you know what I mean ? We were n't even in the same bracket as him . I always remember when he signed , his 14th ... on his 14th birthday , we were playing Arsenal .
You know , and I mean the teacher took me to another room , I was that emotional about it , you know . And I thought , they ca n't be dead .
ALEX FERGUSON : A club of this size , one would expect at the platform , the stage , everything is geared to doing very , very well . And that very , very well means winning the league .
We 'll win the league . '' We never did . All I ever wanted to be was a football player . And the only club I ever wanted to play at was United .
He 's in his bedroom just , you know , putting his jacket on. `` Your gaffer 's here , your gaffer 's here . '' Sharpey 's gone , '' Yeah , all right , yeah .
You know , he was the captain of the team . So he always took on the mantle of looking after everyone . I thought he was the glue that held them lads together .
I 'm leaning against the fridge with a beer in my hand . He threw my mate out . He threw the girls out .
If you was a good-enough guy , you did n't show off too much and you were n't big-headed , the bouncer looked after you . It just seemed like the magic dust literally had been sprayed all over the city . So it was good to see the football and the music thing .
My heartstrings have been ... Just been ripped out , you know ? In addition , I am going for a drink .
Unlike you , who . Hooks up with the first attractive woman who he meets . What makes you think ?
I just hope we 're not missing anything , that 's all . I mean , he is getting up there . Should we send him to look at Gentry ?
Well , it was fun . Because they make you feel cool . - And , hey , I met you .
No . It 's in my blood and it 's in your blood too . I want you to be happy , that 's all .
You know , they say parents are the bones on which children sharpen their teeth . Find another way for me to get with her . You know , there 's got to be ...
That 's because there was n't an open bar , but this time , I think there 's going to be . You know what I mean ?
Yeah . - It might make you mad again . No .
This is a business trip , after all . Though , given our history , I do n't know if this is such a good idea . You still have n't forgiven me .
Nothing Hi , yo I got plenty of time Hi , yo You got light in your eyes
And nobody cares for me He 's out of his mind . - Richard Pryor , he did his own thing .
What ? Can you spare , like , three hours for me ? No one else ?
He wants me to give you a million dollars . He has that kind of money ? That 's none of your business .
But for you , I 'm gon na initiate a third fund . Because , frankly , Julie , I could n't be more excited about this . To finally be in business with you and your firm .
My ex made sure of that . And then when we lost Rudy , Winnie just shut down on me .
Song and pong it sounds like lots of fun Wo n't you get on my back for piggyback ride Get on my back for piggyback ride
I 'm always gon na tell you the truth . From the very beginning , we said I 'm the front man ... and you 're the guitarist with mystique . That 's the dynamic we agreed on .
Because we are uncool . While women will always be a problem for guys like us ... most of the great art in the world is about that very problem . Good-looking people -- they got no spine .
I know how hard you worked for all of this . I go by '' '' Bretton '' '' these days . It 's a beneficiary of a few bull markets .
Do n't you feel like you 're over your head , handling a number one pick ? I 've been doing okay so far . Besides , you 're here .
I thought you do n't have an addictive personality . That was the line of the night , man . You 're an addict .
Right ? Do you mind getting your beak out of that thing ? I 'm blind , you know .
All right , now , those of you ... Who would like to go on a honeymoon with the groom , come on down ! - Yeah , see ?
And the beauty of the deal , no one is responsible . Because everybody 's drinking the same Kool-Aid . Last year , ladies and gentlemen , forty percent of all American corporate profits came from financial services .
Honey , I need you to do that thing that fixes the garbage disposal . Well , I certainly know how my lady gets when you do n't snap to it . - Crazy .
Oh , that 's fine . Just did n't want you to drink and drive . Just worried about you .
Allegedly . Kid 's hitting 350 , ready to move to Double A . So let 's not rush to judgment .
The city does n't wan na make a big case out of this . A 9/ 11 widower gets beat up by the cops . Does n't look good .
I 'm stabbing him in the arm . - No , you got ta stab in the right spot . - I 'm stabbing it right there .
All right , listen to me . I want you to walk Gentry . Do n't give him anything to hit .
It 's a five-year lease , 50 grand a month my name on it . My partners get pissed off and they leave me holding the bag , that 's it , I 'm done . - Yeah .
Okay ? He 's straight out of frickin ' '' Fiddler on the Roof . '' And now that he 's back in town , they 're gon na try to set Dylan up with him . Just wait and see .
I like my chances . - That could be quite a coup for us . It 's all very impressive .
Oy ! What am I , chopped liver ? Fine .
Think about this , please . You look for the birds . They 're going to help you , those birds .
No biases , no conflicts of interest . - She is giving us the deal of a lifetime . - I never disagreed with that .
I mean , talk about an evil empire . This puts me to shame . And I 'm small-time compared to these crooks .
I know it 's still difficult to think about it with this news just coming out about Louis but you have to wonder what this means for the future of Wall Street . Another firm gone , it leaves very few players left on the Street . One thing I know for sure is more competition is better than less competition .
Cheers for today . It 's been the best day of my life . Aw .
# All right # I said , yeah # I said , yeah # Listen to what I say # Listen to what I say
That 's going in the middle of the wall , back in the flat . We 'll build all our stuff round that . That 's gon na be our fucking centrepiece .
Yes ! Once , we flaunted it in the face of the world , like a banner . It was a word that stood for power .
It 's just never-ending . Do n't be rough with him , Lol . He 's only a baby .
You little fucking cunt . Fuck off , you little bastard ! - I thought you was winding us up .
Bang on . Lol picked that for you . - Look at that .
And I mean that , mate , I really mean that . Cos I 've got one question to ask you . Just one question .
Tell ' em a story . - All right , if yous are making me . All right , it took a little bit of time .
Are you happy with your fucking pie now , you prick ? You 're a frigging bully , Gadget . see what you can do with this .
Peter ... The fire took the lot . Very convenient .
Eric knew it was n't the Ripper . He never did shut up about things , did he ? He was calling people up , the papers , anybody who 'd listen .
Then I pushed a piece of wood up her vagina to show how disgusting she was . She was dirty , she just talked about sex . I got some filling from a sofa and I ..... pushed it down her throat .
My office . I 'll give you a hand , mate . I 'm , er ...
I 'm a bit of a shorty . Little bit haughty , a bit nutty , a bit naughty ... Enough with the rhyming couplets .
# White socks , black shoes # Black hair , white Strat , bled white , died black # Sweet Gene Vincent
# A little drop of claret , anything that rocks # Elvis and Scotty days when I ai n't spotty # Sitting on the potty , curing smallpox
`` Is that all there is to life ? '' they ask . And then , lo and behold ... - Can you dance to that , Denny ?
Makes you bloody nervous'cause it can bloody well kill you ! It inflames the brainstem , fucks with the spinal cord , leading to paralysis and muscular wasting . Lock up your children .
It attacks the nervous system here , here and here . Makes you bloody nervous'cause it can bloody well kill you ! It inflames the brainstem , fucks with the spinal cord , leading to paralysis and muscular wasting .
It 's a little experimentation . Oi , Chaz , let 's start this up . We 'll go for the rock .
Really ? - I mean , the man was a roadie with Led Zeppelin , for fuck 's sake . All right , Baxter ?
There was this surge , this tidal wave of culture that suddenly dominated . Suddenly , luck sparkled in front of the world . GARY :
And with a , you know , big extended family around the area and all that kind of stuff . Biggest picture in that book , at the back , was the Busby Babes . NEWS REPORTER :
It was the biggest thing in my eyes as a kid , was the FA Cup final , and trying to think about being able to be involved in one , or a couple of them , was just something you 'd laugh about as a kid . If you told your teacher you were going to do that , he 'd probably piss himself laughing at you . Growing up , like I say , the FA Cup , it was huge .
That was a good thing that I liked about my upbringing in Manchester , was everyone looked after each other . If you was a good-enough guy , you did n't show off too much and you were n't big-headed , the bouncer looked after you . It just seemed like the magic dust literally had been sprayed all over the city .
COMMENTATOR : The league title , their starter for three , is within reach . Manchester United have put themselves within touching distance , can Tottenham Hotspur , of all people , open the door for Arsenal ?
We 'd even go out with our girlfriends in groups . We was just six young lads who were enjoying life like you could n't believe , really . It was just one of them ...
If there 's enough evidence from the Scene to match his profile . However , we can not haul every kid in off the street . There is a kid everywhere .
However , we can not haul every kid in off the street . There is a kid everywhere . You think one of these lads in there Is the boy at the flower stall ?
So that we can take the package to Oliver on Monday . So , if you could give me a call . I am going to lie down .
From ... Uh , works for the Herald in Bogota ? - The very man .
you remember Scotty ? Yeah , he ... he decided to put me up until I could get back on my feet . Guess Scotty and I share something ...
Powerful emotion . Love is this ... indescribable feeling you get when you see someone who you know will do anything for you ... When you see someone with a life growing inside of them , a life you helped create .
Seems boss man had some sort of stick up his ass about your family being too ... too common . She does n't like to receive greetings on her birthday these days . - Whoa , whoa , whoa .
I 'm stabbing it right there . You got ta be on the light . - Shit .
turned out in the past . - Look , that was a long time ago , okay ? - I have learned from those mistakes .
How do I do that ? How do I make this go away ? I do n't know how you make it go away .
Maybe we just do n't see ourselves the way we really are . Is it that hard to make us cool ? This kid has you on acid screaming , '' I 'm a golden god '' from a fan 's rooftop .
That 's not a great deal of money . But people know Hydra Offshore is ours . I had dinner with the good Commander Ojukwa in Paris last week .
Your shoddy stage setup almost killed my guitarist ! You trashed my fucking dressing room , and you did n't do your 25 minutes . - Do n't fuck with my band 's safety , ever !
You know , about The Faces , or Coltrane . You know , just to fucking write . All right .
Who needs a crowd ? Who put such a high premium on being typical ? You 're unique .
What is the definition of insanity ? It 's doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result . By that standard , most of us are insane .
Me ? Three-quarters of the banking houses at this table are holding the same paper , and you 're gon na let Keller Zabel fail ? You 're all committing suicide .
I really do . It 's just , you know , sometimes fate kind of plays tricks on you , and ... I never thought I 'd run into Alex again in the rest of my life , but ...
Intimidators 5 , Braves 2 . Better luck next time , boys . How long before they release me ?
All right , look , Fresco made a valid point ... we should start with five branches . That way , we all get to bed on time , - we still reach our goal .
He looks like he 's 30 . First thing I do when I get in the Majors ... is bang one of those chicks on Desperate Housewives . I 'm mature , I like older women .
And where there 's smoke , there 's fire . I 'll make you a bet right now . Go .
Eleven ? - So you skipped fifth grade . - There 's too much padding in the grades .
He looks harmless , but he does represent the magazine that trashed '' Layla '' ... broke up Cream , ripped every album Led Zeppelin ever made . Do n't forget the rules , man . This little shit is the Enemy .
You got this . What the hell 's going on ? - I heard it .
Well , the truth is , it 's over for me . I had a real shot at the booth , and now it 's gone . Okay , well , that was n't us .
Specifics about the threat have n't been released . Cops wo n't confirm whether there 's a link to the al Qaeda terror group ... For Americans and Iraqis alike today 's violent demonstrations were just another long chapter in the ongoing war on terror .
You know what ? I 'm not letting this come between us . I 'm just returning it .
To make sure everything goes okay . It 'd be nice for you two to spend some time together . Nice for who ?
Where do you get off ? Where do you get sweet ? I am dark and mysterious and pissed off !
I love you too . I 'll be home in a minute , okay ? You guys left this .
Mickey , I just ca n't do it . This is n't an open tryout . I 've seen him .
This is the last of it . I got a pizza coming . Could you just send it up ?
Very close . In any case , I want to talk to you about the future , about how we 're going to bring this over the top . Sure .
I put him in the 1 2-step deal . I never told you , I borrowed money from hardcore guys . Tens of thousands of dollars , which I did n't have .
I grew up around men who swore , drank , and farted . Trust me , I can handle it . Let us bring it to the partnership committee .
It 's a pure sound . You 'll know it when you hear it . So , what do you think ?
You need some Mel . I 'll take one adult and one faggot . Come on , you really need to come in here .
Time to give Mike the surprise of his life , and when he hears this , believe me ... he wo n't forget this day so long as he lives . So , without further ado , I want to announce today ... that ... I 'm gon na be a great-grandfather !
Well , shorting his own company , you ca n't bust him for that . But they can get him for running false rumors on Zabel , that 's serious . It 's gone viral , Bretton .
Saturno Devorando A Su Hijo . Goya painted 15 Black Paintings late in his life . Fourteen of them are on view in the Prado .
Gentry 's ours , Red Sox pass ! The Atlanta Braves have the next pick and they are now on the clock . Congratulations .
Mike , are you sure ? 'Cause growing in Punkton , Kansas , I doubt anybody could tell Jewish from Amish .
The point is , he was taking my pudding off me . And I just thought , '' Nah , I 'm not having it . I do n't care .
You make sure you come to me when it needs redoing . - Cheers for the shitty tea , Gadget . - Get you !
Ah , mate . Bloody hell , here he is . - Gadget !
Piss off . - Are you gon na buy that ? - Yeah .
He 's had a fucking bad week . So , we 're bringing him with us to show him a bloody good time and you just backhanded him round t'head . I 'm disappointed , mate .
And he just , like , left these families and fucked off ? Nah , he still sees ' em . Yeah , to me , he still spends time with them .
Shepherds with fucking ... Shut up about The Falklands . - Why ?
And you want your dad 's life to mean something , do n't you ? And this breaks my fucking heart to say it . We should n't have been there .
The fucking Falklands ? What the fuck 's The Falklands ? Fucking innocent men , good fucking strong men .
# But it rises in the East # And pretty soon it 's gon na burn your temples down # While the heads of state are having their fun
# Woo-hoo , yeah # And you will get no hurt , mister # No , no , no
I 've always loved you . It 's never gon na happen , Combo . Are we done ?
She 's got to be the last . You know , people are gon na talk . About what ?
It 's about Clare Kempley John Dawson is king and do n't you forget it ! I do n't think he killed Clare .
Probably forgotten more than most know . That 's a pity , is n't it ? You know what we mean , Mr Hunter .
You ? A couple of pints with Dickie Alderman and a few of the lads . Friendly enough .
No . Like I said , we will catch our Ripper , Mr Hunter . Not you .
We spoke on the phone. `` Full participation and equality for all . '' That 's the motto . This United Nations Year of the Disabled is a tremendous opportunity , you know , to make people really sit up and think .
Now , go on . I look like a prick . Well , that went well , then .
Got a chance now to get back on top . Proper deals going down , so ... So , what have you got ?
I will show more respect ! And I 'm doing all this fucking work , all this work for the family , right ? You and me .
Why do n't we just form a band ? I know , I know , we can call ourselves Spastic and the Autistics . Oi , oi !
Yes . News to lift the spirits . Yeah , my thoughts exactly .
I will ... I will nip out to the off-license down at the corner . - It will only take five minutes .
Eh ? You are such a hard man . Are not you ?
And that 's wrong . I got ta open up to you . Because I do n't wan na be that guy , baby .
Not now , man . You were sleeping with Penny , that fucking groupie ... last summer up until yesterday . Why do n't you tell Leslie that ?
You spend it . Somebody has to keep our economy going . Well , get out of my office .
So have you thought at all about what you 'd like to talk about today ? And how you wan na start this ? Not really .
I can not help you if I do n't understand what you are talking about . There 's 15,000 jobs on the line right now . Somebody 's after us , right ?
Jesus . You 're out of your mind . The stock was trading at 79 a month ago !
It was fair ... to both of us . And it was fair to our unborn child that the parents are n't gon na just walk away from each other . I realized that this ...
You got a rich girl on one side and a poor one on the other . You calling me a gold digger ? I 'll answer that later .
But you know what it reminded me of ? It reminded me of school . When you used to jam to that Bruce Springsteen album .
Clear ... Not so much ' cause we 're right by the dumpster , and the trash guy forgot to stop on our street again . So , listen , I 'm gon na go in , I 'm gon na take a shower , and then maybe I can muster a little romance for you .
Just checking . Rick , could you give us a minute ? Could you give us a minute , please ?
It 's what you said . See , that 's the old college Johnson . That 's taking-no-shit Johnson .
All right . All right , get your arrow ready . And let me pluck him right in the uterus .
He got me a seat at the table . The word is he 's stuck with a ton of toxic sub-prime debt off the balance sheet . Billions .
I have to go home . Count the headlights on the highway You are home .
You slept with Jeff ? - Yeah , but it did n't count . It was the summer we decided to be free of all rules .
Hold on for a second ! I am a Wall Street guy . I am and I 'm good at this .
Okay , okay . No kissing and telling , buddy . All right , now ...
If you wanted to , you could access any high school or college roster ... pull the stats on any player any time . You would n't have to waste time with all these papers . I 'm not wasting my time .
What the hell are you talking about ? Nelson says he 's got a pretty little baby helping him out . What 's Matt Nelson doing in Gus 's territory ?
So I deposited a check of $ 100 million made out to United Fusion . From some offshore fund no one needs to know about . Would n't you say green is the new bubble , Jake ?
`` The Wheel . '' '' Frosty . '' Ainsworth , I 'll see you around , man . - Penny !
Stop them ? You were her excuse for coming here . I need ice .
That 's no life for a kid of mine . Living out of suitcases and visiting every shit-ball town in the area . That 's not what I wanted for my kid .
Beckett winds and delivers . He comes with a nasty slider that A-Rod just barely gets a piece of . A-Rod 's in the type of slump he could n't hit the beach with a beach ball .
Would she have to go through the same hell ? '' So , I the prenup again , and ... sure as shit , she 'd have to go through the same hell I did . That 's when I realized that this clause was n't evil after all .
You should come to the show sometime . - Hey , listen to me , mister . - join the circus .
Thanks . - When did he redo the kitchen ? - Oh , God , the kitchen .
I do n't know . I 'm just making small talk , you know ? You 're single now .
I just got off the phone with Atlanta . We 're not gon na take him because he ca n't hit a curve . The last homer he hit was off a curve .
I have this odd sense of intimacy towards you . I do n't even know why I told my shrink , and she said I should act on it .
Oh , come on . It was a hell of a lot more than a lamp . - Just stop it already .
And you 're standing here beside me I love the passing of time Never for money Always for love
Money markets will dry up around the world by the end of the week . ATMs will stop spitting bills . Federal Deposit Insurance will collapse .
He 's crafty , makes his living on the corners . You 're quite a baseball fan . Just picked up a few things growing up .
Look . The developers are on my ass , okay ? I just need you to bridge me .
What do I tell Dylan ? I 'm not a freakin ' counselor , Mike . What kind of question is that ?
Excuse me for a moment , sir . Q and A 's over , all right ? Buy the book .
It 's just a rumor . It might take a hit . Hear about that African deal ?
We 're launching in 10 days , so the whole site 's down starting tomorrow . What are all those angry liberals going to do without their daily fix , baby ? You 're just as liberal as they are , Mr. Green Energy .
I ca n't , but ... So , you gon na tell me where you disappeared to last night ? I thought I told you .
Look at my fucking arse ! Get in the fucking car . Hurry up !
Lenny ... Gentlemen , join our band of brothers . Sign up today .
Good to see you , Milk . Are you all right , mate ? All right , Tubbs .
Piss off . I just wan na light my fag . For God 's sake .
No . - Right , OK , I 'll call the police . - Go on , then .
You fucking bastard . What the fuck are you bothered about ? You fucking ...
Why ? - Cos I want you to . There 's fucking loads of dickheads dying out there for nothing .
Good place to pause , take stock . OK , I want to talk to Dougie . Douglas is fucked .
Not until after the blood tests and the letters . Yeah , like you did n't know . Strachan was in and out for quite some time , was n't she ?
I 'll get your legs . And I 'll slide in and then I 'll walk you round . '' She went , '' All right , I 'll do it , as long as you do n't go past my mum 's ! ''
He 's a knob . According to the lads , he has n't been right in the head since the Karachi Club shooting . Yeah .
He 's the same . He 's got the same bollocks in his life as we 've all got . Work , the wife , kids ...
Sorry about that . Where you think you 're going , you little monkey ? That was out of order back there .
Hey , everyone ! Let 's give him the bumps ! Let 's give him the bumps !
# Fraser and Nash pony and trap # Up your ' arris , in your mince # Hamptons do n't leave fingerprints I 'm the blackmail man
Clive . Anyway , so we were at this posh restaurant ... Where were we , Strang ?
And if you ever forget that , act sorry for yourself , I 'll come back and I 'll bleeding ' well haunt you . You understand ?
And he said , '' Fucking come on , then '' and then he fucking smacked me right in the face . I mean , talk about overreacting .
Bass player , sandwich-maker , personal manager . Sole driver of a van full of nutters . We 're looking forward to having Baxter stay .
All right . They 've got no fucking sense of humour , that lot , I tell you . # Noël Coward was a charmer ... #
I looked up and the first person coming towards me was the gaffer . And just got up and just hugged him . GARY :
I remember being sat in the changing room , no one was obviously in there . All the players came in and I realised that we were knocked out . None of the players said a word to me .
Littleton Road , The Cliff training ground , Carrington ... That was what Ryan Giggs was all about . This was Giggsy 's moment .
You 're hanging on . Arsenal have sort of wave after wave of attack . And then Giggsy picks the ball up .
I was injured that game . One of my mates said , '' Becks just scored from the halfway line . '' So I 'm thinking , '' Slight exaggeration .
Suddenly it went from something that was politically kind of irrelevant to something that was politically important . We were part , probably , of a revolution , in a way . I suppose if you had to pick a footballer to epitomise that , more than any , it would be David Beckham .
Do n't even know why you 're here . Right , and look how you turned out . - No , I did n't enjoy it .
One thing that the times did represent , and in a way those individuals represented , was an understanding that although we lived in more individualistic times , yet there was still a unique capacity to be greater together than you were alone . I think in our eyes we were just playing a game of football with our mates . I know it sounds a bit ...
It is not fucking Luca . It is not fucking Luca ! It is you .
Are not you ? What is your fucking problem anyway ? I am the one going to hell .
Jesus , listen to you . You spend all your time trying to blacken your own character . - Yeah , I know .
My God ! - That as real as it gets . - That is as real as it gets .
In addition , you would say alternatively , do anything ... To save your stinking skin ! You did not know my son .
God , I can barely hear myself think . Why do not I get us a bite to eat ? Yeah , yeah .
Terence Donovan . Bethnal Green moods and skinheads ... Pose for the camera proudly .
Oh , boy . He 's got a nice swing . You got this .
All righty . Two matzo balls just like you like it . Always taking care of me .
Oh , I called your magazine ... and told them the truth . I do n't know what they 're gon na do with it ... but I told them every word you wrote was true . We are gon na do this one more time .
He has n't had anybody up there in four years . Just me , Sugarman the accountant , the cleaning girl . He does n't know about the cleaning girl .
And they buy a plasma TV , cell phones , computers , an SUV . And hey , why not a second home while we 're at it ? Because , gee whiz , we all know that prices of houses in America always go up , right ?
I can still run this place and make you more money than you ever dreamed . We both know that 's not going to happen , kid . Julie .
It 's gon na be kind of a rough set-down , but we should be fine . just hang in there , and we 'll get you out of this . Everyone says it 's so glamorous out here .
Yeah , I promise . Well , I think the proposal is perfect as is , so I 'm signing off on it . We have a deal .
Okay . Well I hope it works out for you . You wait for me enough times out on the street , though you might owe me some dental work .
Hey , there . You and me ... divorce ceremony . Thanks .
I am in trouble right now . I 'm taking a huge hit on the loft , I just sold my bike for nothing and now , again , I 'm writing you a check , Mom .
Everything 's good here . Just ... working on the deal . You sound awful .
Lou Zabel was . And whether you admit it or not , your raid destroyed Zabel and forced him to suicide . So you may talk about moral hazard .
United Fusion . James would probably want to polish his resume a little green . He 's in pole position to be top dog when Julie Steinhardt kicks the bucket , which , I hear , could be any day now .
Then , it was celebrating Christmas on a day in ... when you knew it would n't be commercialized . - What else are you gon na ban ? - You want to rebel against knowledge .
Out of all those kinds of people You got a face with a view I 'm just an animal looking for a home
All right . You got ta take those shoes off . Thank you .
Well , maybe . I mean , you 're trying to get me drunk . You 're hoping to get lucky .
No . It means that once you get bailed out , what 's to stop you from taking another shot ? But I ...
Here we go . Okay , so it 's time to find out . Let 's head to the podium .
Okay , all right . - Hurted me more than it hurted you . - Might need some counseling on that one .
The government 's got to restore confidence . If we do n't stop the bleeding , in three days , half the banks in this room are out of business . And in five days , we 're all gone .
Hey , hey , stay positive , pal . Most people , they lose , they whine and quit . But you got to be there for the turns .
I waited until you broke up with her , but me too . I also slept with Leslie , when you were fighting . - You slept with Jeff ?
Hey , get the Enemy in here . Get on my back for piggyback ride - San Diego !
... Thy will be done on Earth -- I 'm trying to maintain , but the fucking thing wo n't -- Oh , my God !
Lipnick 's . What the hell kind of name is that , anyway ? It 's the name that 's gon na make you money , Rick .
That 's why I ca n't pretend I do n't know anything about you . Is that a threat , though , to not be friends ? No .
But , come on , give me some air , man . I mean , it 's like I 'm not even me anymore . You know ?
I mean , guys have guy hobbies , right ? They play poker , they golf , they do shit . Okay , you know what ?
But they knew this home loan fantasy was going to collapse the market . And when they did , they got the Feds to bail out their bad insurance swaps , a 100 cents on the dollar . I mean , talk about an evil empire .
All right . I 'll dig around on James and this Locust Fund , and you see what you can do about getting Winnie and me back together again . Well , I never guaranteed she 'd forgive you , Gordon .
Cut myself shaving . What are you fellas staring at ? I 'm not a pole dancer .
She says you got ta call home immediately . And she says to tell you , '' know what 's going on . '' So , I 'll see you guys in Topeka , okay ?
I disagree strongly with that finding . Your Honour , I think that Charlie needs to find his own way . Not on our time , but on Charlie 's time .
Those boss shirts that I 've been borrowing from Scott do n't even make Scott look like a millionaire , dude . You guys are just jealous . I 'm an optimist , all right ?
No one 's going to lose . With Clark in , I think we 're in good shape . You got a great future .
Yeah . Yeah , we used to come here every Sunday night . You 're going to be fine .
Bloomberg has a summary out on it . Reuters is playing the story big . It 's become legitimate .
I 'll have patience with you since you 're not yet worldly . See , when a player gets to the Majors , chicks come out of a deep freeze . They migrate from hundreds of miles .
I 'll answer that later . First , you tell me ... did you sleep with her or not ? Oh , shit .
And that one . Mm , yeah , that 's really nice . You really look alike on that one .
I do n't want them . Chicken , do n't upset your mum , eh ? Let 's try ' em on .
What are you doing , boys ? Fucking all day we 've sat and listened to him . I want some of this .
Oh , I hope so . Let 's bang some music into their ears . That 'll be good .
Move , now . - He do n't have to bloody move . - Fucking does .
But it was people like your uncle , your uncle that introduced that stuff to me . The soul of that music just fucking resonated within us , do you know what I mean ? And it 's people ... it 's skinheads , like you , true skinheads , like you , keeping that flame alive .
What ? - You 've got the whole lot . You 've got the whole fucking perfect package .
Join me . Milky , man , I know I let you down the other night , but I swear to you I 'll never fucking do it again . Look at me .
Hand the spliff over . I have n't had a laugh like this for fucking years . - Serious .
Well done , well done . Are you happy with your fucking pie now , you prick ? You 're a frigging bully , Gadget .
I would n't want to limit the scope of your investigation in any way . I 'm going to need to copy all files pertaining to the Ripper Inquiry . Do you know how many files there are ?
What ? I got rid of it . When ?
And I 'll slide in and then I 'll walk you round . '' She went , '' All right , I 'll do it , as long as you do n't go past my mum 's ! '' To the Super Squad !
Top policeman . Sniff of the Ripper in there . A right fucking mess .
This is Peter Hunter . 'Oh , yes , I 've been watching you on the telly . ' 'Took your time . '
Can I have me leg back ? Oi , do n't leave me on the floor . I 'm a raspberry .
Fuck off , mate . - You is a dead man . - Where 's my fucking manager ?
Look , it 's done . We had to let Strangler go , 'cause , well , the dramas backstage were getting better than the actual show . Son , I 'm sorry .
What are you ? Some kind of mad nutty professor ? Will you shut up ?
I 'll give you Barry fucking White , you cunt . ... never try to teach a pig to sing because it wastes time and it annoys the pig ! # Do re mi so far so good !
We stayed there up until I left for Manchester , which was when I was 15 years old . My dad was a huge Man United fan , all he talked about was United . His favourite player was Bobby Charlton .
We all grew up as Thatcher 's children and ... You know , hand on my heart , that bitch gave me my start in music , man , because she put me on the dole straight out of school . And where else would I have got the chance to learn an instrument ?
Having coaches like Nobby that had done what he 'd done in football , and then moving up to having someone like Eric , and having the manager around us all the time , playing at The Cliff like we played , and then having players like Bryan Robson come in to the A team and playing games like that , I do n't think there 's many teams that do that .
Fergie had his little network of guys out there doing just that , did n't he , I suppose , so ... The gaffer had been tipped off that me and Sharpey were going out . So he 's just totally surprised us , and we 're at Sharpey 's house ...
I was always trying to get you to play The O'Jays or Earth , Wind Fire but you always wanted to jam to The River . I do n't remember jamming to it . Maybe if you smelled it , it 'd all come rushing back .
I want to get short that stock . Churchill Schwartz is behind that ? It 's just a rumor .
We 'll be back to 65/ 70 , and I 'll be fine . You just got ta hold it , okay ? You 're gon na owe , you know .
We had a very good meeting with Fresco . You want to know the way I see it ? All right , look , Fresco made a valid point ... we should start with five branches .
I 'll see you in L.A. ? - Dude , you look like shit . - Nice to see you , too .
Hey , excuse me , buddy . - Is there something wrong with my fork ? - No , just your stock choice 's future .
It 's more like another dimension . You take a journey and discover yourself . - Hey , man , you wan na go get a drink ?
You know what ? This has been too much academic debate for one day . I 'm sorry , Mike , okay ?
Hey ! The sheriff is a nig- - What did he say ?
I do n't even know why I told my shrink , and she said I should act on it . Oh , she did ?
Now , if you 'll excuse me , I 'm having a little fundraiser . I got to get back to shaking my tin cup . What 's your number ?
Okay . Oh , I got it , I got it . I got it .
How is it you 've never been more wrong in your life than right now ? You 're losing all your money right now . I see it , it 's going down .
That 's it . That 's all I 'm interested in from here on out . You 're real .
And it 's not about money and popularity -- And the chicks are great . Right ?
You 're 1 8 and I ca n't stop you . I 've gone to look for America Bye .
Make it up as we go along Feet on the ground Head in the sky It 's okay I know nothing 's wrong
Oh , she did ? You need to get a new shrink . Get several .
You need some money for some new clothes ? I just came from yoga . You into that voodoo ?
Go ahead , Doc . They 're telling me we have to cut staff . We went back to Third Boston , and they turned us down .
That was seriously fucked up , Alan . I did n't know he was gon na say all that shit . Angela ?
You know the game better than most ... and I 'll always go to bat for you . I just want to make sure you 're up for it . Want something to eat ?
Your balls actually attempted it , and your skill pulled it off . And frankly , because I 'd love to beat the crap out of you on a bike . Fair enough ?
No , but they said they were gon na give me a little more time . And all I need is a 110 grand , and then that way , I can keep all three properties in play . I know you have it , Jake .
William Miller . Sir , you have an urgent call . Hello ?
Get out of the way , Mickey . This is a bad time to walk away now . Move .
Mick , if something goes wrong up in Carolina with this kid Gentry ... he 's gon na be out of a job . Well , let 's hope that does n't happen . That would be the end of one of the all-time great love stories .
He would n't talk about them from that day on , any of them . Then he cut us off . He would n't take my calls .
Come on . At least say I lost some of my baby fat . Well , yeah , of course .
I have no further questions , Your Honour . - Your Honour , you gon na allow this ? - That 's three .
I 'm more of like a 2.1 kind of guy . You said you were in love . And this is your best friend , yeah ?
I have it in front of me . What you got to do right now is relax , take a deep breath . T ell your banks not to sell the stock .
Babaco is a cow . It 's dead in the water . The Chinese are n't stupid .
That Billy Clark is a bum . We have n't seen him hit a baseball all year . Come on , Billy .
We 'll watch it and then make our decision . - You think the Sox are gon na pass ? - How the hell should I know ?
All right ? I do n't know how they ca n't see that he 's just got a broken heart . It 's so broken , his poor heart .
They wan na have you committed . They wan na have the right to hold on to you for up to a year . That 's what they 're saying .
Perhaps I 've been in love with her my entire life . She was my childhood sweetheart . Until the past few months , to me , she was a dream unfulfilled .
You wan na owe ? This stock 's about to lose its bar mitzvah , Jake . Take the haircut and sell .
She can only say no , mate . You wan na give it a crack ? This can be a beautiful thing .
Yeah ? Now , fuck off back to Woody , you little fucking queer . Go on , fuck off !
Fucking hell , mate , I 'm sorry . - Fucking shut up about it ! I 'm sorry , mate .
What have you fucking done for it ? Fuck all , but take fucking jobs off decent people . Now , listen , son , listen good .
She lied to you . But , most importantly , she lied to your dad . If you do n't stand up and fight this fucking fight that 's going on on the streets , your dad died for nothing .
Why do n't you get some of them that you 've got in blue ? Cos I do n't like these . I want them ones , Mum .
No , no note . Then it 's just someone trying to rattle you , that 's all . Well , it 's worked .
Yeah , well , Eric , bent as a twobob note . Gets involved with this gang knocking off post offices . It all goes belly up .
I 'm sorry . Go back to bed , darling . I 'll talk to you in the morning .
We 're going to hear from Ian Drury , the housewife 's favourite punk rocker , the man who put the phrase '' sex drugs rock roll '' into the English language , and whose new song Spasticus Autisticus has been labelled outrageous and offensive . We also have with us Graham Hart from the Spastics Society to talk about full participation in the Year of the Disabled .
All right , I did it . - I admit it , all right ? - Hello ?
# Ist gut , c'est fantastique # Hit me , hit me , hit me ! # Hit me with your rhythm stick
Came in and said he was n't playing , you know , but you hear his cough outside the door down the corridor . If you knew you were getting dropped , I just did n't answer the door . If he ca n't find you , he ca n't drop you .
RYAN GIGGS : Scholesy was like the joker that got away with it all the time . DAVID BECKHAM :
And all of a sudden I thought , '' Here we go . '' It was disaster for the club , Roy Keane missing it . Disaster for Roy Keane .
When we got there , it was just brilliant . Signing the paper and that . Just could n't believe it was happening .
Do you know what is going to happen to you ? - The same that happened to your fucking brother . - And that girl ?
In addition , here we are . I have seen them dealing , openly . I saw four of them outside a house in Street .
There is a kid everywhere . You think one of these lads in there Is the boy at the flower stall ? - Yes .
Come on . Work with me , me old son . Look , just ...
Under-Fives . - Do not give me that fucking crap . - It is true .
We drove until we must Have been miles away . Then we torched the car . We did not feel good About leaving Stevie , but ...
It reminded me of school . When you used to jam to that Bruce Springsteen album . - What was the name of that album ?
I took a lot of road trips . I grew up around men who swore , drank , and farted . Trust me , I can handle it .
Do n't ask my wife permission for me to go out . I 'm right here in front of you . I 'm not 7 years old .
We need to enter this thing with a big bang . Ca n't leave room for lots of little copycat 's to start popping up . Yeah , I do n't even know why we took that meeting today .
Well , I quit , Gordon . That 's really going to help . I 'll see you outside in 15 minutes .
And you threw her away . And if you ca n't see that , that 's your biggest problem . And I love her !
Something must have happened . - Let 's push up Flippo 's Who cover . Good , ' cause it 's gon na take me three days to get through this research .
Come on . - I got it , man , I got it . - Yeah .
It would n't hurt anything . And I mean , after the beating I just took , you owe me . - Get off !
Look . I 'm sorry , but could you please fuck off ? We play for the fans , not the critics .
This bank is bigger than you , Bretton . We know there 's nothing illegal here , Jimmy . Jack ?
And you got ta stop blaming yourself . You 're all I got left , honey . Nothing else matters .
I 'll deny this ever happened . Just try to keep up . Hop up and down , they 'll think you know what you 're doing .
I 'm talking about family , too . I am talking about our family 's ... future . I want to have twins just like that ... one that looks like you and one that looks like me .
The truth is , we ' re all part of it now . Banks , consumers , we 're moving money around in circles . We take a buck , we shoot it full of steroids , and we call it '' leverage . ''
He sells fear , panic . And morons , they love it . They want it to end because it sells .
Air-conditioning 's on . - And , by the way , you look stunning . - Thanks .
Unmerciful . If you get into a jam , you can call me . I stay up late .
I do n't remember jamming to it . Maybe if you smelled it , it 'd all come rushing back . - This was fun , man .
Well , I would be worried that they were using me . Boy , if this was the real world ... - Not that anybody 's using you !
We 've been tracking him . Matt says he can hit the crap out of anything . This kid 's a godsend .
Your mom is so fat , her high school photo was an aerial shot . Your mom is so fat , they pay her in biscuits . - Your mom is so ...
Get up ! I made you in the record store the minute I saw your dorky face . Outside !
I want you to go home and think very hard this weekend . Because we 're all gon na meet back here on Monday morning and I 'm going to let the two of you decide . I want you to rack your brains .
I mean , you are more than welcome to stay with us whenever you want . You and Scotty have known each other since birth . I only barged into your lives about a year ago .
I 'm gon na beat your ass . I will beat your ass , shrink-wrap . Seger fan .
Then he cut us off . He would n't take my calls . He would n't take our calls .
Hey , champ . What brings you to London ? You , Gordo .
Shit . Or she could have your job ... because you sure as hell do n't know anything about the game . And if I 'd have been any help , she 'd be managing her own club now ... because she knows more about baseball than anyone in this room .
I 'm right here in front of you . I 'm not 7 years old . You 're right .
You know that dream you got about that little energy company in California ? You may not get there , but you hold on to that . Because everything else is just noise .
Woody 's not like me and you . No , he 's fucking certainly not like you . No-one 's ever fucking took a swing at me like that .
A bit ? Tell the truth , Wood , man . I was fucking horrible , were n't I ?
I thought it 'd just be , like , a one time , off in the shed or whatever . Will you be all right for ... them lot to know , if you 're not embarrassed ? Cos I 'm not embarrassed .
Yeah , to me , this is good music . What you 've got ta remember , Milks , right , is ... is I 'm an original skinhead . '69 , me .
That means you 're all quite welcome to just leave and leave now and never come back and that 's it , the end of it . But if you wan na stay , this is a proper fight . Now yous all either cross that line and go your merry little way or you stay where you are and you come with me .
No . To be honest , you all look a bit ... old to be hanging around with him . I 'm only in the er ... year bel ...
Come on , let 's have you , folks . You have a good birthday , you , all right , lovey ? Sorry to be missioning it off .
No . No , you ca n't be serious , mate . We 'll talk about this outside .
Fuck off , you little bastard ! - I thought you was winding us up . - What are you doing , boys ?
You knew Clare Strachan . You 're a bit late , Mr Hunter . She 's been dead three years .
Let 's get started , shall we ? Both of you have been involved in the Ripper inquiry from the off , so you both have a tremendous amount of knowledge about the different investigations , the methods and procedures . You were the senior detectives ...
Bloody marvellous . I love being in the warm bosoms of my family . You know why ?
When we 've made our millions and we 're playing Hammersmith Odeon ... Why , do n't they have three inches of piss in the dressing rooms ? Nah , it 's all shag pile carpets and extraordinary acoustics .
Ooh . Not too much for me , darling . That 's too much .
Passion . And a sort of booze . - You up for it ?
Giggs , 25 . Whatever they achieve in their futures , I doubt that they will ever , ever cap this . Manchester United are Champions of Europe again .
But he had good technique of how to get into people , you know what I mean ? You know , people know how to hit people . Butty is Butty .
I do n't think a supporter left that ground not thinking we could n't win the treble . Not one person came out of that ground . ltjust lifted everyone . I mean , I think if they 'd have won , they might have gone on and won the double , but ...
The nightclub scene was the best . You had to chat someone up . I had to do that with you once .
Ferry leaves in 25 minutes . We got ta get out of here . Whoa , what 's your problem ?
Now I 'm buried in the armor 'Oause I 'm an iron man I 'm an iron man
Articles on Secretary Cleary 's economic policies . There 's also a roster of key family members , a glossary , sailing terms . - Sailing ?
[ CLAIRE CLEARS THROAT ] I 'm sorry , I have a tickle in my throat . CHRISTINA :
`` Armando Hyde , 38 , died Monday , June 11 , `` after a long battle with colon cancer , `` survived by his wife of nine years , Judy ,
It was World War II . He was young , 22 , 23 , paratrooper , tough son of a bitch . They were being dropped somewhere over France .
What 's true love ? True love is your soul 's recognition of its counterpoint another . Well , it 's a little cheesy , but I like it .
Well , I was 10 , so all I 'm thinking is , `` Whoa , I got a huge pile of cash sitting inside here , '' and ... and I put an ad in the local paper .
That 's right . Maybe Jeremy 's a little nuts . Maybe I 'm a little cuckoo .
He 's kicking my ass And looting ' my drawers for free A nickel for my pickle
Hey , shut up ! - You got ta anticipate that rush . - Of course I do .
It 's my sister 's name . I guess I do n't really ... I just do n't really know that many girls ' names .
What is your problem ? For the past couple months you 've been a ghost . I ca n't find you , and now I come to you with an idea put myself on the line , you shoot it down with negativity .
And , anyway , Ohristie was , uh , sort of helping , uh , support , carry Heather , who 's limping . Ohristie looked , uh , a little overwhelmed , 'cause they had a couple of bikes with ' em . And where were you ?
Although do n't make me out to be a saint just yet . We do turn a small profit . After all , someone has to pay for the lap dances for the big guy here .
Why ? Did he say something to trigger that from you ? No .
Okay ? I do n't wan na do this . I do .
I 'm home . What you got to eat in this motherfucker ? I 'm hungry as fuck .
Really ? She 's says she hears you fucking . What ?
I do . Surprise me and move out . You could learn from Melvin .
No , I do n't wan na wear this . I do n't wan na be the princess . I wan na be the queen , or the king .
Why not ? You got a baby by that punk-ass nigga Jody ! - Two days and you ai n't gave me any .
I fell over ... It 's so hard to get it on . Oh , no , it 's supposed to be a skirt .
At least we living together . He just want to play with your life and string you along . He with his other baby 's mama when he ai n't with you .
I know . Mama says now she can breathe . Can you breathe ?
Everything 's grown now , huh ? I 'm about to pick some greens for tomorrow . Throw them in the sink , wash them .
Debbie , no , it 's not . I do n't even know you . We do n't even know each other .
No , I do n't . I 'm cool with both my babies ' mamas . - We 'll see how long that lasts .
Yvette . Besides , I ai n't got no condoms . No way .
Hello , Ede . Have y'all been to our church before ? No , but my daddy needs it .
Lubricated . America 's No.1 Condom . '' At least you went all out . All I get is a trip to the clinic .
You ca n't leave me . I 'm not gon na leave you . Shh .
If you was one of them mutual funds , I 'd be paid . Melvin told me y'all had a talk . Yeah , we did .
I know daddy wants you to act more like mommy . But I hope mommy acts more like you . [ Inhale/ Exhale ]
Nice to meet you . I 've heard a lot about you . Oh , okay .
[ Chuckling ] - Ok that was pretty awful . - Yeah .
The making of a relation ceremony . Something we do from time to time . Martin Ortiz , my son .
I 've been all over this town today . And I think that we can use the pageant to raise the money we need . Eric has agreed to give us back the land if we could match his buyer 's price , so ...
So , what 's your name ? Uh , you can call me ... Wolf .
Eric has agreed to give us back the land if we could match his buyer 's price , so ... The people of the town would own the forest . Exactly .
Megan ! You did n't go to Vegas . No ?
I was suppose to take the 3 o'clock train . But instead I backed out at the last minute . I had work so , I just did n't show .
No . Alright , well we can get you a copy after class . from someone who actually knows what 's going on in here .
Discrete . Old man Barnes lives for this . - He 's a distraction .
So it 's worth it . And if I do n't get into Harvard or Stanford , my father is just going to kill me . He 's head of T Division .
WOMAN 1 : The blending process is really going well for us . My husband 's 13-year-old still has some hatred issues towards me .
Where troubles melt like lemon drops Away above the chimney tops That 's where
Oh . - Can I get a bump ? - No .
The bush pig has lost its parents so is being cared for by Mama and Papa Lion . Even in nature there are blended families . - That 's nice .
He 's probably the most romantic guy on the planet . Yeah , he 's got the moves . No doubt about it .
Please sit with us . You give it a try . Every family fights .
But , the real word is '' splendored . '' So would n't it be '' blendored '' ? What 's this now ?
Check out white girl in the neighborhood . Am I right , my brothers ? Woo-woo !
LOU : No , he 's a good daddy . He just does n't have a bagina .
We can be each other 's friend . We can have some nice , uncomplicated sex . I 'm going to take a shower .
Just one thing . This time , I want to be deputized . You want to be a consultant who 's deputized ?
No . Here , bring the arms in . Now open the elbows and up .
I know what you mean , though . Because this is all just falling forward . And we want it to sit , like ...
Do we open up the neckline ? - Maybe that opens just a touch . Do you think we can go in on the ...
How do you feel about ... I do n't know if this matters ; I 'm not a dancer , but ... dancing with something that 's kind of loose ?
I just want to say that my whole process of choreographing is really , really , really based on the music , and everything I do is about , sort of , like , exposing the details and , like , the complexities and the textures of the orchestra . It 's really , really important to play with , like , a lot of energy and vigor , especially in this piece . I would really appreciate that so much , and I 'm so thrilled to have you guys .
Uh ... hello . - We 're in big fucking trouble , Dave . - Yeah , no shit , Fluffy .
Something like that ? I could blow your world away , Arnie . If I show you what 's in this container , you 'll never feel at one with the human race until the day you die .
Heavy girl . Senior at East Side High . - Justin White ?
We just ca n't perceive it . It 's kinda like the country music radio station . It 's out there in the air even if you do n't tune into it .
I interpret dreams ... for a beer . Well , I do n't have any beer , so I guess I 'm out of luck . I 'll tell you what I 'll do , Mr . Skeptic Man .
Your life , your family ? Because , I mean , best-case scenario , your career as a journalist is gon na be over because this is all anyone 's ever gon na remember you for . And do n't forget that there may be people out there ... real people ...
Look , I know you 're allergic to these events , these parties and whatnot . But believe it or not , I actually look forward to them . Now , I think we can talk about this at some other time , and you need to give yourself a break .
We all do . Anybody tells you different is full of shit . You can tell ' em I said so .
I do n't give a shit anymore , '' Can I , or can I not ? '' I just want to show her up . You know , and then it 's like , '' All right .
when you 're shooting off that I can tell they 're totally freaked out and just condescending down to me and pretending they understand . And it 's those ... those are the ones where actually ... I actually end up almost getting pissed off and do n't even feel embarrassed not calling them or totally avoiding them ...
And that breaks my heart . That just breaks my heart . Maybe if I cared about you a little less , maybe if I loved you a little less then I could take it .
Sure . My own father was , you might say , a man who was , by natural proclivity , not a good man but who nevertheless tried diligently to be a good man , temper and so forth . My father 's proclivity for rage grew over a period of time .
Please , stop ! Subject lost to the edge . Search terminated .
I was just ... What 's going on with you ? Nothing is going on with me .
Thank you . That 'll be it , for real . It 's not like we 'll ever bump into each other .
Here I am in my pajamas . She did ring me last night . I did n't get a chance to get back to her .
I 'm gon na try to be myself . It 's never easy , but I 'm gon na try . What was the question ?
For years ! But you waltzing in here on my lovely Christmas holiday and telling me that you do n't want to lose me whilst you 're about to get married somehow newly entitles me to say it 's over . This ...
Absolutely never remember to call after a date . But since this was n't a date I guess I 'm off the hook . Exactly .
Uh-huh , I hope your ass can fly , nigga . Do your little ass dirty . Go go go .
# No need to second-guess it ... # # Check I 'm the gloss and grind # # The gritty and the floss , the profit and the loss all intertwined #
You 're goddamn right , get ghost . Be a ghost and be a legend at the same time . You already know .
# Simple nigga style ... pathetic , Busta Rhymes hitting you # # With punchlines , funny how I fuck dimes # # Bitch , you know I want mine , where 's my fucking money ?
All the principles are accounted for . I have n't made contact with the connect yet . Again with Jersey , huh ?
I 'm good , B. I 'll be back in a minute . Fucking , right ?
Got this watch and shit . - Oh , that shit is it , yeah . How do you work that ?
Hey ! Put that down , get your belly on the ground ! Oh , hold up .
Slow slow slow slow slow slow . This kid ... fucking kid ... easy easy easy . Just your tongue .
I 'm off the case . Now if the feds wan na charge me , they can do that . Whatever else comes down , I 'll deal with it , okay ?
Nothing . Angie 's as tough as they come . She 'll pull through .
We 're like this incredible experiment right now , we 're lab rats . We 've had sex , but we do n't have feelings for each other , right ? And as soon as that snow clears , you 're gone .
I heard about that . Apparently there 's this huge fucking blizzard . You know , I always wondered what it would be like to be the other girl .
All right , fine ! Guys like to do it with the lights on . Noted , awesome , shocked .
Like ... nonstop , all the time . Um , but -- baby , help me out , please . Yeah , basically we were just thinking , what if you moved out , you know , like what would that be like ?
Hey , you got ta turn the knob ! No , I mean the punishments from the universe . It 's a flood , it 's practically biblical .
I just happen to be taking a break whenever you 're around . It 's like studying when mom is watching . Did you talk to your parents about the lease ?
I 'd ever become a great comedian , you know ? I just never figured I would , you know , and ... whereas I , when I was growing up in Edinburgh , you know , before I became Commander James Bond , for me , I was quite withdrawn also . I , on the other hand , grew up in the East End of London , and all I ever wanted to do was blow the bloody doors off .
Be nice . So , Felix ... tell me ... if you had a golden ticket ... and you could pick any girl ... or any guy ... to take upstairs for a very quick , no strings attached , no questions asked shag ... who would it be ? In fact , here ... it is .
Ten , yeah . We 're gon na have to use the ... We have to use the wedding fund , Dix .
Fucking sket . I told you I 'd fuck you , did n't I ? You fucking cunt .
You do n't have to laugh , I 'll let you off . OK , gently , gently , gently , gently . - Steady progression .
Oh , it was horrible . The girls are really bitchy , but it 's fine ' cause we got the gig tonight . - Yeah , I know .
Still , you might get to see a bit more of your old man . My dad was the fucking king around that estate , and you know it . Really ?
It 's really brave . Yeah , well , you know , that 's me , I am brave . Anyway , enough of this .
You 've really fucked it up this time , have n't you , Dix ? Yeah , I lost it all , mate . No , you still got the band though .
George , no . Me and Jem were OK until all of this happened . I 'll bring Joe around later .
What new ? That goes in the basement , sweetie ! Thanks !
I do n't care ! It 's your stupid bastard Welsh fault ! I got nowhere else to go .
I screwed up your set yesterday . Why do n't you come screw mine up ? KIRSTY :
Hey , uh , uh , well , I miss you . Yeah , I miss you too . Good .
We ... we ... We saw a little girl okay . You can relax .
That 's a disgusting idea . Let me up the stakes . Oscar , best actor .
No way ! He just needed to be confident , 'cause that 's what the girls like . Just a bit of confidence .
# Wish me luck as you wave me goodbye # Not a tear but a cheer , make it gay # Give me a smile I can keep for a while
It 's freezing . All this crazy shit is not helping . - And what you 're doing is really helpful ?
This 'll ease the pain . - Get away from me , you fucking coward ! - I 'm trying to help !
Itjust postpones their death . Jesus Christ will save your life , lad , if you only let him into your heart ! I 'm Jewish , sir .
You sound like a kind of ... Like a chainsaw on speed . I do not snore .
What you 're gon na do ... Is you are gon na go on , call the number on your ticket ... And you 're gon na pay it like a good boy , within 14 days ...
You went to public school , did n't you ? Shit , I got kicked out for being straight . Who 's got the best butt ?
And then speak : It 's only gon na be a bit of bird . Yeah , but there 's nothing I can do .
I 'm 100 % dependable , mate . - I 'm a fucking Volvo , mate . - Promise ?
The bathroom 's through there . There 's , like , a little study area , and , yeah , it 's all right . Great .
I do . Once I 've done that , we 'll be looking at 400 grand each . We need to sit on them for a while until the dust settles .
DJ : One thing 's for sure , let 's have a fucking great time right here . T in the Park !
What 's the matter , eh ? Ca n't you get your cock hard any more , old man ? Is that it ?
And before you know what 's happened , you 're left standing alone and it all comes crashing down around you . [ Roper ] Fancy meeting you here . I 'm gon na fucking enjoy this .
Gentlemen , your wines . The Cheverny and the Chablis Premier Cru . Ah , marvelous .
When I finished that , he said he 'd move me to legal to do an LPC and even my articles . I do n't know what any of that means , mate . It means before I went inside ,
Have you told your parents you 've been seeing me since I got out ? Yeah , I told my mum . Your dad would n't approve .
I need to talk to you . If you wanted to talk , man , you 're just gon na have to come out . Look , I 'll be honest with you .
I love you . Do n't pester your brother , okay ? - Good luck , Mom .
You were lucky ... Cause if I would 've pinged you ... You would 've gone over like an old granny of a sheet of ice .
How 's up ? I ... just saw your mom . I thought you guys were gon na wait for me ?
Give me the Special K. Give me the Ketamine , man ! - Shall I give him Special K ? - Just give it to him for fucksake !
You leave your balls in Customs ? - Erm , is there a problem ? - Do n't worry .
You sent it . You sent the fucking postcard . - Shut up .
'Ey . A lecher though one is , or one aspires to be , it occurs to me that the lot of woman can not be easy , who must suffer such inexpert male fumblings virtually on a daily basis . Are we scarred for life , do you think ?
Okay ? We could all use a little bit more happy in our lives . See this ...
Now , listen , if you wo n't tell me , I 'm gon na do both your knee caps , one at a time until you do . ( Sobbing ) Fucking ...
♪ And lay you down on your rug ♪ ♪ Just give me some candy ♪ ♪ After my hug ♪
Was he violent towards you ? Hey , tell her , firm , tell her to shut the fuck up , will you ? Tell us what really happened .
Listen , mate , I need a lift . I ai n't got enough money for the train . I 'll go to the station , wait outside till three .
I do n't like the sound of that , Irwin . I do n't want you to fuck up . We 've been down that road too many times before .
( Man 1 ) Talk about phase two , our cold boy runs round here . Yo , yo , yo where 's the phone at ? You see this ?
You sure ? Have you got any kids ? ( Mum ) ' Now then , ladies and gentlemen , boys and girls , ' please put your hands together for The Amazing Clarence !
I need to know . - Well , if you need to know . If it 's good for you , it 's good for me , Scott .
I do n't want you to stay . - Yeah , and you do n't want me to go either . So ...
Bolted shut like a bomb shelter . A few quid from the tills . Not exactly Brink 's Mat , is it ?
Do n't drop it . Flex it in your what-nots . Bleedin ' hell .
Fine . Because I 'm knackered , that 's why . Because you ca n't be arsed to get here on time to look after your child .
Oh , baby ! And that 's why he 's my man . Yes , it is .
You 've got a lot of scars . I 've been in a lot of scrapes . What about that one ?
Are they still asleep ? - No , they buggered off ages ago . - Did they ?
Oh , it was boring , you know But the bachelor party , of course , rocked . We got Heidi , a couple of those fucking sluts from the environmental group , remember ?
Every picture I have of my brother running one of these races ... Oh , look , he looks like a gay porn star running from a bunch of rabid fans . Someday , uh , you 're gon na have to run one of these with me .
As viewers know , today was the annual SoOal Marathon . Of course , the champions were crowned earlier this morning , and the race itself closed hours ago , but it 's apparently not over for one very determined racer . Make that two very determined racers .
Well , she 's not afraid to express herself sexually . She is a stripper , for God 's sake ! - She is not .
I 'm sorry . Do you want me to meet you at your house ? Would you like to go to lunch ?
Watch me . Watch me take this on down the road . Look , if you leave , Gloria is gon na freak out and throw a shit fit and it 's gon na go into crisis lockdown mode here at the house .
How exactly did that happen ? Did you wake up one morning and decide that you 'd hit rock bottom ? Um , I think it was more like I hit the bottom , and then the rock fell on me .
A real rug muncher . Looked like a big lesbian mule . Grandma , you ca n't talk like that , okay ?
Okay , Sackmaster , one more . We should get back to the bar . You 're right .
Uh , hope everything 's going good for you . Say hi to Erik for me . So have you heard from your dad lately ?
Hold on . Do n't you want to talk a little bit before your birthday fuck ? No .
Well , that 's good . Still getting your weekly tests , right ? Good , ' cause your parents are n't backing down .
Did you tap that again ? Once at my place , then once back in the cab . Damn !
It 's like they 're looking at life through a windshield , so thick that they could watch a nuclear explosion . I do n't even have a glass in mine ... and the wind 's whipping me and making my eyes teary , and I can barely even keep them open . - Great choices .
No , no , it 's ... I want to get to the bottom of this , and ... I like being black .
Hi , Otto Wall . So you got home alright . Are you -- are you certified now ?
Uh , yeah . Jim , use your fire magic , dude ! All right , I got it !
I 'm tired of you fucking around . Damn , I want to see other niggas ! That 's right .
Trauma is -- Will you shut the fuck up . You know , you need to ...
Yeah , like that . Give me an extra blanket . Get it out of the closet .
¶ Early in the morning ¶ ¶ That 's what we do with a drunken sailor ¶ ¶ That 's what we do with a drunken sailor ¶
Louder , nigga ! I 'm gon na beat your motherfucking ass ! Fuck you , jumping punk !
I feel so bad , and it 's all your fault . You are a terrible person for doing this to me ! Wha ...
Every time I come out , you go in the house . Nobody 's thinking about you , bruh . This is where I relax .
She knows . She knows something is n't right . And she 's resilient .
I was young and dumb . Jody , are you messin ' with my date ? No , I 'm keeping him company .
`` Prefally , '' huh ? Nigga , you know what I mean . It 's over then .
I like to be at my desk by 8 . If I go 90 on the freeway , I 'll make it . I have a power bar in the car .
Do n't tell me how to handle mine . Do n't call my fucking house no more ! My girl ai n't feeling you , cuz !
Richard is a wonderful man and father . You do n't fucking know him ... okay ? When we started texting , I --
! I told him not to fuck with me ! But you want to fuck with me ?
Can you believe it ? I mean , they 're both at McCallie Prep . Mm-hmm .
Uhm - I do n't know what that is . Oh , we celebrate medieval life ...
♪ Anytime you 're feeling lonely ♪ ♪ Anytime you 're feeling blue ♪ ♪ Anytime you feel downhearted ♪
You guys get started . I 'll met you guys there , ok ? Yeah .
I see . I thought you were the unusual type . But I can see that I was wrong .
That 's right . Do n't look at me like that . Like what ?
Eric if you are in on all of this I have taken it in , and I 've found my ability to forgive but mostly I am so happy to see you . Well I would be happy to see my car .
No I thought you were gon na stay for dinner ? Your craft service guys have not even heard for paleo and you 're not exactly- We 'll find you something to eat I'm-
Exact about of money and you wo n't have to do a thing ? I think you are watching a few too many movies , zuzu . [ Laughs ]
Honey you may be a control freak but not even you can cancel Christmas . Please stop calling me honey . I 'm not your honey .
I wish we had the keys to the ignition . I could use some heat in here . Make your own , dude .
Alright library it . And come dressed to move . That means dance .
You suck . MEN ( SINGING ) You suck , you suck , you suck You suck , you suck , you suck
So call me , call me , call me Miss moving ' on Oh , oh , oh - Larry , wan na shoot some hoops ?
GINGER : Yeah , I 'm your sexy little wormhole ! ( GINGER GIGGLING AND EDDY LAUGHING )
Right . With that pageboy Prince Valiant haircut you gave her ... JIM :
No ! Larry , we both need this fist bump . We 're cool .
I wanted a do-over . For that first date fiasco . I 'm better than that .
Cracker Jack ? I got good and plenty . If you decide to answer questions now without a lawyer present , Thanks for this .
That I 'm having sex with ? I 'm not seeing anyone at the moment . I 'm divorced .
It does n't really matter if it was an accidental overdose or suicide . There 's clearly no sign of foul play . Looking under rocks is only gon na cause that poor mother further grief .
Almost two months ago . Do you know he was busted with Cindy Van Aldan ? She was a former patient .
Perhaps you could consider it a loaner . That would imply you got a car in here for repair . You have my Scout .
Great . And we really , initially , wanted texture in knits , but we realized that dancers probably do n't want to wear , like , hot cashmere . Cashmere !
The reason I asked about Rabbit was because if it was ... If you could go down and say , you know , `` Thank you so much for yesterday 's Rabbit , ''
Yeah . You know , when we bourrée back for the girls , we 're bourréeing back ... they do n't know if they should finish here ... Because , you see , some finish here , as the original step you gave , and some are already going parallel , so should we just ...
There 's a lot of , like , things happening . So , like , even when the whole group is doing one thing , it 's ... it does n't become as , like , solid as it would - if there was , like , one color .
Yeah , because then we could do this , too . We can just get this a little more ... Yeah .
It lets you read minds and all that . It heightens your senses , I think . I do n't know .
What can I do for you ? - Do you ... have any experience with , like ... demonism ? Like hauntings , possessions and all that ?
He survived too ? We shoot hoops a lot ... whenever we 're not too busy with , uh , work . What the hell , Mr. Wong .
You can show us the way to go from our world to your own . You see , in our world , when someone is born with special wisdom , he shares it with Korrok so that Korrok could be greater . Watch .
No , my dog just ... bit some Jamaican guy . I 've got to go find him . Man , my uncle lost a foot in his riding mower .
That 's him , that 's the guy ... the one in my truck with the slug last night . Okay , Slug Man , can you tell us just what the fuck this place is ? Well , what do you think you 're looking at there ?
You can see things you should n't be able to . And you 've still got some of this stuff ? - I 'm getting to that .
You know how when you talk to someone on the phone you sort of imagine what they look like based on their voice ? Well , when you got killed , you immediately assumed the shape of what I ... This ca n't be .
Or the way , you know , the way that light gets in winter just before dusk , or the way she is with me . All right , at the height of lovemaking , you know , the very height , when she 's starting to climax , and she 's really responding to you now , you know , her eyes widening in that way that 's both , you know , surprise and recognition , which not a woman alive could fake or feign if you really look intently at her , really see her .
You can go nuts trying to figure out which tack to take . I mean , they might go for it . They might not .
and I try so hard . And she 's the one ... she ... she always says that she can save me . And I think , '' There 's no excuse . ''
She says , '' I 'm in love with this guy . '' And he said that he was in love with her too , except he was already engaged from priorly . So already there 's all this back and forth and storm and drag .
And the only way not to get lost in the code is to approach the whole issue logically . They want you to understand the bind that they 're in . Wait .
I 'm fine . So the old man turns to the elder and says , `` do you know who I am ? ''
Do n't show me a map and then not give me all the memories . I thought we were gon na help . We will , but we must move slow .
There was no '' popular '' , no '' fame '' , no '' losers '' , and no '' winners '' . Our elders have eliminated all of that so there will be no conflict between us . Fear , pain , envy , hate ...
Giver , wake up . I 'd have to be sleeping to wake up . Something can be done .
What kind of surprise ? No , I do n't see a box or anything . Yes , I 'm sure .
Amanda was n't looking for love but that does n't mean it did n't find her . Well , ma'am , you 're good to go . Thank you .
Okay , I 've got a question for you . What 's it like to be the only one committed to work while the rest of us are slumming ? You mean what 's it like to be the only one not to finish their work on time ?
Yeah . I sew and I have a cow . How 's that for hard to relate to ?
Are you all right ? - No , I 'm not all right . - I almost got my damn head blown off .
Since I 've been eight down ... what ? I do n't know what the fuck is going on ? I just hit the block with my eyes wide shut , right ?
... I start thinking , '' We should 've just deaded them motherfuckers on the road . It 'd have been two to one , but so what ? I 'm good with those odds .
You knew your fellow officer would pull his gun on a crowd of unarmed kids ? And then let off two shots within inches of this kid 's head ? I knew I should have stayed and I did n't .
Why ? 'Cause I got dizzy ... twice . Oh , fuck .
What 'd I get out of it ? - Yeah , you got an upgrade ? You gon na be sergeant ?
On a cop 's salary , huh ? You know , a whole lot of cash has passed through your hands over the last two years . I ai n't stole so much as a nickel since I 've been on the job .
Oh , no . Uh , this is -- this is Becca . Becca , this is faiza and Cedric and Megan .
And I know that 's very immature . You could have broken up with her . Yeah .
Okay ... come on . The bar is so low , it 's so very low . I sound like a computer virus .
Yes . I do n't know , I mean , you know , like , when you 're 17 and ... You just want to get out there and show the world everything that you have to offer , because you have all this stuff to say ?
So you have to stay here . For your own safety , trust me on that one . ¶ ¶
I did n't know if I was going come out the other side . Blowing up stuff always helps . So what happened with that guy ?
How did you not make a decision yet ? I mean , what did you do today ? What did you do this week ?
♪ Gone in the morning ♪ ♪ I wan na know Why they 're gone in the morning ♪ ♪ I wan na know Why they 're gone in the morning ♪
Alright , tell him ... I 'm just beyond pissed off , dude . Sorry about that , Alan .
Although he made me laugh and us all laugh , I think , there was something about him that was lost , something about him that seemed unable to confront the reality of life , and so when I think of Rob , I think of him with both a smile at some of the funny , pithy one-liners he would come out with on Radio 4 panel shows , but also for the man inside , because behind every little , pithy , vaguely amusing joke is a cry for help .
I 've spoilt ... all these nice flowers , ai n't I ? It 's all right .
Then what ? Fucking , just gave him a couple of slaps , that 's all , man . He had this fucking big shank , man .
Can you get the ash in the ashtray , please ? I 'll try not to miss the potty . - You 've been trained .
I mean , there are only a few that count . If we got the head off ... The rest would scatter .
Help me out no end this month . I 'm a bit squeezed , like . Do you know what I mean ?
Do you understand ? Yes , Mummy , I can give him more hugs . That 's perfect .
That 's right . Go and pull something now , yeah ? How you doing , Tommy ?
Think so . So what exactly you think you gon na see ? I do n't know ?
No ... Well , you know , just about the kids on the estate . ( Frampton ) Did he mention any names ?
And I 'm gon na come up with her tomorrow , so you 'll see me then . Oh , so I 'll see you tomorrow then , yeah ? Yeah , see you tomorrow .
We need to know if he 's trustworthy . The most honest guy I know . We 've heard that he 's the best in the business .
No , you 're not . We 're gon na put a bath on , sheriff . Do n't shoot me ...
No . - You think you 're a big girl ? Yeah ?
All right , Dodd , we 're all upset here , but let 's not be fucking stupid . I was thinking about Charlie , lying in there , shitting himself at what 's just happened to him . Where 's your mind , eh ?
Yeah . - And you 're not taking the piss ? - You can come back and visit .
Tell me who sent the postcard . - I do n't fucking know , all right ? - Chris , I 'm going to pick a tap .
I 'm the bad guy ? I did n't snap a girl 's neck like a fucking twig . You gave him the drugs , you fed him those fucking fairy stories !
Yeah . Yeah , it was really weird . We bumped into each other at Sainsbury 's .
# Wish me luck as you wave me goodbye # Cheerio , here I go on my way # Wish me luck as you wave me goodbye
I did n't mean to ... It 's all right , babe , we 're almost home . Lisa OD-ed , babe .
So you raise money to give to politicians ? It 's what all the big businesses do , so why the bloody hell ca n't we ? Makes you sound simple .
Good , is n't it ? I 'm sure people think we 're gay . I do n't care .
All right ? - Come and sit next to me , pal . Pretty face like yours , 12 months inside , oh , it must hurt to sit .
Oh , what a shame , a bus load of people . Kind of takes the arse out your plans , does n't it ? Not at all .
What you gon na say ? This is Bads , we used to kick the fuck out of eachother . Exactly .
You 'll be a dead man walking . So let 's get down to brass tacks , shall we ? You pay us 200 grand , or we kill you .
He came back , though , did n't he ? Periodically , he would come back and visit , uh-huh . Hmm .
Why do n't you fuck yourself and shut up about my fucking mam ? I 'm not trying to slag off your mother . But if it 's a worry , I wan na know now , not tomorrow when we 're halfway into the job and we 're left standing with our cocks in our hands .
Oh , that 's good . I 'm gon na cut to the chase . I spoke to your mum .
♪ Or anything ♪ ♪ Freaky freaky raving ♪ ♪ So you know what monkey-facing is but you do n't know what pirating is ?
Are you gay ? They 're lucky we do n't dump them , too . Fuck is your problem ?
Yeah , right . He 's obviously slung one up her . MARK :
With a pair of boots in it , in case the team where a man down . - Yeah , but what about his shin guards ? Who cares about shin guards , you can kick a ball and save his life .
Here 's what you need . You get a big cold chisel drop a sledgehammer on it , 're sorted , man . Where do we get a cold chisel ?
Fuck , he told us he was gon na stab us . We told him to fuck off , like , gave him a chance , but he would n't go . Then what ?
( Man 1 ) There it is , swallow that . ( Man 2 ) Hold him , hold him , in case he drops down , bruv . ( Marky ) Take it down , boy .
Now I 've got your fucking little weasel of a brother trying to turn Bluey against me . Think I do n't like all this fussing and fighting . Why ca n't we all just ?
That 's just fantastic . I 'm just ... my chin 's okay , right ? - Your chin is absolutely fine .
Are you okay , Felix ? I mean , fucking crying , the big fucking girl ! You fucking crybaby doll , get off my fucking fanny !
I am working so hard . I do n't need this shit from you , Toby . I need a break .
I 'm Morello . You come with me , mister . Uh .
What ? Shoes , 300 quid , come on . Down you go .
No ... You fucking brought us here ... We 'll go in together .
Who cares about shin guards , you can kick a ball and save his life . And who is gon na pick him out of a crowd ? He was n't Stanley Petrol .
Yes , well , it 's as broad as it 's long , is n't it ? - So , yeah , I 'll do that . - Good .
Let 's see what 's under ... - You 've got the wrong impression . Dix , I do n't bite .
She put it in the fucking paper . Listen , mate , I do a very specific kind of music here . For a clientele who really appreciate and understand that music , yeah ?
? If you must end it all , Dad ?
Are they free to do a session for me sometime ? Maybe Friday at the Beeb ? Yeah , that 'd be great .
Ma'am ? ( Hicock ) Yeah , go on then . ( Jean cries )
This is Steve calling just to say I 've thought it over , and I 'm not gon na do the HBO pilot . I 'm not gon na spend seven years in the U.S . I 've got kids .
yeah ? You 're gon na regret this , I swear . - I do n't want to suspend him .
That 's it . You argue with your mates sometimes , right ? And obviously your mum and me ...
I know . She must be going through some shit , though , must n't she ? - She 's actually a good teacher .
Want a fucking impression ? Just phone her , you fucking ponce . [ ringing tone ]
Nothing . A mate who DJs there told me the maddest story ... - Ah , who ?
Cost you dear in the past . Cost you even more in the future , lad . - So you 're saying there 's no chance , then ?
Cause it 's the bravest thing you could do . No one ever drowned by getting in water , son . You 'll only drown if you stay in it .
[ woman 2 ] Oh , no . I must have done that . It 's a plate with a big chip in it .
I did n't send the postcard ! If Chris says he didnt send the postcard then he did n't send the fucking postcard End of discussion .
For the past couple months you 've been a ghost . I ca n't find you , and now I come to you with an idea put myself on the line , you shoot it down with negativity . Your goddamn negativity .
[ CHUCKLES ] - So you gon na give a toast ? - Yes .
You wo n't make time for me . - If I get my sleep I 'd love to make time and talk about , uh , different things . Like paintings .
Oome on . Let 's go , or you 're gon na get arrested , come on . Then arrest me .
They just handed me the file . Now , this is what you call a real lead on a real suspect . You 're gon na have to bring him back in again .
Oh , my gosh . I can not wait to ride the ... hang out . So here it is .
Unfortunately my powers only apply to useless consumer products . Well , if the police are missing a Belgian waffle maker , you could give them a hand . [ CHUCKLING ]
Might be a little bit later . I got to swing by Mom 's . Oh , um , okay .
Okay . Mommy , we 've had a long day . I can do it myself , asshole .
Thank you for saving my life . It 's been four days since Ohristie 's disappearance , and frustrations amongst officials and in the community are running high , but today comes news that the investigation has shifted away from the neighbor Michael Beckworth altogether and so leads to the father , Andrew Dillon . Now , Mr. Dillon has been adamant about his innocence , and , though police have not officially called him or anyone else a suspect , the feeling is that an indictment will be coming any day now .
It was n't my idea . I was basically dragged to it . I went with Chazz , who you forgot to tell me is totally insane .
About what ? About how you left me high and dry to get my ass kicked by Sack again ? Sack did that to you ?
Hey , hey . I 'm just throwing it out there . I 'm just saying , just ...
Okay , it 's ... it 's Oarter , right ? Oarter , maybe ... maybe you should go back to your apartment , and do n't worry about these things . It 's really ...
Stand up for the people of America Stand up for the man next door 'Oause you 're free in the land of America
I know that there is no good in them for man to rejoice and to do good in his life for that which befalleth the sons of men , befalleth beasts . Even one thing befalleth as the one dieth , so dieth the other . Yea , they all have one breath so that a man hath no preeminence above the beast .
Ah , youngster . You get your ass out of here . Mama !
Um ... Do , um ... you forgive me ? Sure .
It 's mine ! If I want to bring a man in I 'll bring a man in ! That 's my say , not yours !
I do n't know . But if we whip his ass , he 'll come back with his homies and shoot me , my girl and my baby . I ai n't trying to be no killer .
He see you . He 's just trying to front . Thanks , Kim .
Well , I can give it a shot ? Um can I kiss your little cooty cat ? And ...
I 'm getting on your nerves ? You 're the one fucking around . You get with any of them clients of yours ?
I 'm Otto Wall . You are a crazy person . I 'm not crazy .
I 'm so glad you 've been -- Had quite a time of it , have n't you ? Oh , it 's , you know ...
I 'm sick of this bitch-ass motherfucker . Cuz , you ready to smash on this nigga ? I know where his homie stay .
I can take care of myself ! You do n't need to check the folks I deal with . Am I in your business with all the hookers you run with ?
Horrible ! Oh , I bet you 're just stunned , right ? I mean ...
Mildred , I- - I wan na turn you over ... Mmm .
I love you . I love you too , daddy . What ?
[ covering with rocks ] that I 'm not going to think about you anymore . This does n't mean t hat I 'm not gon na ... give up that night . Because that night happened and there 's nothing I can do about it .
Wait ... [ scoffs ] As in the guy who invented the bomb ? Yeah .
Merry Christmas . I am really really glad you 're here . I was thinking about what you said .
Why are you always trying to upstage me ? Would you stop flirting with victoria . You think you 're better then everyone else .
Ignore them ... They 're '' stomps '' - just slightly above Neanderthal . So what division is your dad in ?
Eh , five kids ? Is his last name Theodopolis ? - Yes .
You 're a great mom too . You 're a pretty good mom yourself . I 'll take that .
I have to . To see if they can rub my pancreas out of my neck . My God .
Oh , no . He 's not gon na have one of his meltdowns , is he ? No .
The cool guy from the safari . Do you wan na '' bowl '' me a few pitches ? I 'm sure your father wants to do that with you .
I do n't know . I got a perp on trial for robbery and murder . What 's your problem ?
You lost your job in L.A. Now you 've lost your job in Paradise . Are you drinking ?
So merde . I just get really weird when my hair 's low for buns . I know .
The tricky part is , if you separate them , it feels like the end of the movement goes down , because it gets darker , you know , by making a richer back ... So I 've fussed with it a little bit , and we 'll do some more on Tuesday and Wednesday . But the second movement , you were happier with that ?
I 'm getting really twisted . Oh , and that 's why you fall . All right , well , let 's try that tomorrow .
That is , like ... It 's better to see more leg just from a dance point of view . Right .
I 'm just gon na say it . My only concern , and it would have nothing to do with you , is that it 's a lot of look . There 's a lot of , like , things happening .
No , it 's not bad , actually . They 're gon na tack these down . I want these to be in , like , my spring wardrobe .
You made me see something out of my own head . You freaked me out so that I would see something . No , it 's really there .
Welcome . - Your wiener is even smaller in person . - What ?
It 's out there in the air even if you do n't tune into it . And I think that somehow through chemistry or magic or voodoo ... that Jamaican son of a bitch , he tuned in to it , into hell itself . Through that , he opened a door .
Andy and those guys , they did n't want to come . I think they got freaked out when they saw a needle come out . And you still actually tried that shit ?
Stop calling me Justin like nothing 's changed , yo . What should I call you , homey ? Just call me Shitload , because there 's a shitload of us in here , yo .
I do n't even wan na know anymore . I suppose you 're wondering what I 'm doing with this can of gasoline ? Oh , thanks .
Only louder than that . It would n't be so embarrassing if it were n't so totally fucking weird , if I had any clue what it was about . You know ?
You want know how to be really great , hmm ? There 's only one in a thousand fellas that 's figured it out . The secret is , you 've got to ...
Well , I do n't mind telling you . I had begun to cry at the story 's climax . Not loudly , but I did .
What I 'm saying is that I 'm trying to get you to see that sometimes things ebb and flow , okay ? And that 's ... and sometimes people are more into it than other times , and that 's just how it is . But you , you ca n't stand that .
It 's not as if how many of them I 've said it to is not an understandable question or concern , but if it 's all right , it 's just ... it 's just not what I 'm trying to talk to you about . So I want to hold off on things like names or numbers and just try to be honest with you about what my concerns are , 'cause I care about you a great deal . I 'm not explaining this well .
Say something ! I stand here naked before you . Judge me , you bitch .
And ... oh , I love it when they bat their eyes or pout , you know , when they give you that little look . The way they look in heels , those teeny red bumps that people get when they 're shaving their legs ... that women get when they 're shaving their legs . I 'm sorry .
He 's not in the second wave out , how they come out . Jesus , I ought to ... the amount of fucking time I spend in baggage . And says like a pathetic , a total fool , her faith never faltering , she just kept peering during all the hugging and everybody meeting and every time expecting this guy .
Jonas said it 's called dancing . Please stand by for a transmission . I apologize for my intrusion .
Rules were the building blocks of that equality . We learned them as new children . Rules like :
Do n't blow away. `` I 'm not sure I can handle complicated '' ? Oh , God , I can be such a jerk .
And bonus , real terrorists actually became part of our lives . So the stress of it all shows up on our faces , making us look haggard . While Ethan goes on looking cute forever shtupping his 24-year-old receptionist !
Oh , yeah . You know , I got ta get going in a few minutes myself . So listen .
You do n't like tents ? Okay , this is seriously cool . Come inside .
Okay . I believe my time is up . Your turn .
And then we get back to the Ps , and I see the young brother laid out on the concrete and I find out how ... Next time you 're on my road , knock the speeding off . I do n't give a damn who you are .
Yo , everything safee . All right , hold it down . Yo , J-Mill start wrapping them shits like they 're Christmas presents .
Yeah . - In my man 's hood , the boy had the nicest pair of hands in the whole neighborhood . He would ...
This nigga Red , man ... tired of playing the two-gun . Motherfucker want to be Kobe Bryant up in this bitch . What , you think I did n't see that ?
I do n't know about you , Pat , but I think we 're too good to take drug money , right ? I say get off your high horse . There 's no civilians in the room .
Put the gun down . Motherfucker , get on the ground . Get on the ground .
We 've been entrusted with the responsibility to protect those who can not protect themselves . This is where we accomplish that , gentlemen . Hey , Eddie , what are doing here ?
Again with Jersey , huh ? Fuck those racist crackers , man . You know how they do , Bill .
¶ ¶ ( man on TV ) Looking for homemade , fresh-baked goods ? Come to Terry 's country bake shop in red hook .
like a dozen times . It was n't on purpose , but do n't worry . You just have a stupid name .
Excuse me . Most of the storm is pushed up into the shenandoah valley ... ( Sobbing )
We should totally check out the news though for some updates . As you can see , this storm is showing no signs of slowing down ! I want you to look at something .
No , it 's fine . You 're missing out on something , but ... Oh .
Musta been a big decision . Uh , the family thought it would do him good . Toughen him up finally .
You ca n't touch me , Scott . - Give me the fucking keys ! - You ca n't touch me .
But if it 's a worry , I wan na know now , not tomorrow when we 're halfway into the job and we 're left standing with our cocks in our hands . It 's not about my fucking mum . - But I am fucking worried .
I am kinda kicking myself . She was one sweet shag . And they said romance was dead .
Well , I know I did n't send it . You bitch , you 're gon na set me up , are n't you ? - You 're gon na tell him about the fight .
It 's a cassette . Yeah , well , retro novelty angle . That 's what I said to him .
How hard did she hit you ? It 's the restaurant we torched . The one with the old geezer and his missus inside .
( Marky ) We ai n't done yet . ( Man 1 ) Talk about phase two , our cold boy runs round here . Yo , yo , yo where 's the phone at ?
Serve drinks ? - What do you think then , eh ? - Hmm , yeah .
Check your mirrors . What about that guy you gave up on the other week , eh ? He passed his test this morning .
Fucking hell . - Looking good , is n't she , mate ? - She always looked good .
I got a second chance . Do n't be stupid and pass this one up , kid . You 're my birth and I will let you live .
It is only open for another half an hour , and that woman , in all fairness , is probably bereaved . Yeah , but why ... it 's not my fault her husband 's dead . No , but you ...
I 'm marrying you with that . - Are you really gon na marry me ? - Yeah .
Can I have some more water ? - Oh , yeah , me too , please . Your dad gave me a good grilling on the way over .
Yeah ... like she could have just shoved this thing . Or Satan 's just pissed off .
That 's all , five minutes . I 'll show them the deal and I 'll be back , OK ? I promise .
We just called by . Did you have a good time with your daddy ? - I did n't feel well , did I , Mummy ?
I am once again bottomless . Do n't you ever get cold being bottomless ? No , no , I do n't .
Second-rate Kasabian wannabes in skinny jeans and leather jackets , it 's boring , man . Who wants to be the slag in school ? - Who wants the slag ?
Nobody build the hole ! The hole has been there since the world 's first scream ! And now it 's gon na come for us !
Listen , it 's not a good time ... You 've got to calm down , George , please . You do n't believe me .
That 's why I pushed her away before I went inside . - I said some fucking nasty things . - She came back .
I do n't know . Maybe before my time maybe . We need to get some sort of a system going , you know , about who I 've met before and who I have n't , because they remember meeting me , and I do n't remember meeting them , so that can get embarrassing .
Can you get down over here , real quick ? Yeah , I just have a little question about one of them T-shirts down here . - Which one then ?
Enrahah . I do n't like that , gives me the creeps . OK , Poppy .
Okay I know he did not learn that on Sponge Bob . And Dane is not going today because his registration is next week . What are you planning on doing today besides causing trouble ?
You 've only been out a matter of weeks , Harvey . You 're not gon na be the golden boy in any court in England . There 'll be no probation with 12 months off for good behaviour this time round .
No ? I 'm gon na give another little wave to you . - Oh , I 'm going .
How much did that cost ? You ca n't put a price on looking good , chucklebum . How much is looking stupid ?
I ca n't sleep , I had a bad dream . Look , just go to next door for me , yeah ? I 'll come to you just in a bit , alright ?
No nothing . I ai n't come here for your foregiveness . I could n't give a shit what you or anyone else thinks of me .
I 've got ta just do myself up at the bottom . I 've got , like , this really annoying body . It 's like .
He gives them out on cassette . He 's a fucking idiot , you know . We burnt the one he gave us , did n't we , Bri ?
They were always the funny ones , were n't they ? Yeah , you were always the quiet one , were n't you ? Well , I was in my own little world , you know , sort of , you know , escape .
Careful mate , he 's our case . I think the guvnor just shit himself - Bye darling .
Everyone all right ? - Better than all right , mate . - We 've only gone and done it .
Massive fan . Oasis , Mary Chain , I love them all , mate . Primals ...
They liked it . Tyko , if you did that in Texas , it would have been illegal , okay ? Okay , whatever .
Seriously doubt that . I think its just a ... really deep hole , that ' Creepy Carl ' dug up . Who 's ' Creepy Carl ' ?
You boys is all I 've got . So when someone breaks my trust . It fucking hurts , you know ?
Because you 're not talking to me . I told you , you speak again , I 'm gon na knock you out . [ Charlie ] You 're not talking to me ' cause a bird is getting in between our relationship .
I 've got some jerk locked up in the Jersey Prison . Because he likes to get drunk every nite . and beat the crap outta us .
He 's joined the Marines . He 's gon na be a lieutenant . - Really ?
This is the sort of thing I 'm talking about . It 's not a fucking game . Now in future , you do as you are fucking told !
Sit down . Look , a really shit thing has happened and everything 's fucked . Now , it 's in everyone 's best interests that we do the right thing .
Fuck you . - What does '' fuck you '' mean ? - Nothing , darling , it 's a rude word .
I 'll let you live . I really do n't fucking wan na know why I should n't . Start again .
Four bodies in a morgue . I 'm out there every fucking day . Ugh .
( Sharon moans ) Hey , are you sure she 's OK ? ( Snorts )
I 'm sorry , I ca n't . - Give me the fucking keys to my car , - you fucking bitch !
You see , you 've got a huge amount of momentum behind you . Yeah , you get momentum when you 're going downhill . Well , yes , but ...
Adam Shanko . He 's the wanker Mickey slapped on the video . What 's his story ?
None of us . So you just watched while Chris pushed him around ? I did n't see the fight .
Yeah , we 're the van you clamped near the Blue Posts . Listen , we 've been waiting for two hours . And I got to say , 150 quid , that 's bloody outrageous , right ?
Tyko , hey , wait up . Where are you going , man ? Exploring .
Listen , and use my ticket . I 'll get down there , OK ? And Twitter it , tell the NME .
Mum ! - Eddie , get off our backs ! We 've got this bloomin ' wake .
What were you saying ? I were telling you about Dodd catching Charlie doing his bird and how they 've been at each other 's throats since . Oh , yeah , I got a letter from Charlie .
You do actually love Paul , do n't you ? Honey , right now , I ca n't even remember his name . So what do you do , Justin ?
Look at his eyes . ( Man 1 ) All right , bruv , let it go . Let it go .
The body count . We do n't like to admit the war was even partly our fault cos so many of our people died . And all the mourning 's veiled the truth .
Now , listen , mate . I 've got a lot of work to do . What happened to count to ten ?
( Carl ) See this thing here , blood ? Fucking faggot , you run for it , you 're getting this . ( Door being unlocked )
What if I score 40 ? Okay look , try them on . Look , they 're just like mile-boots ...
I drop off all over the north , and even the biggest twats from the smallest two-rip town would have a wedge the size of your mother 's arse . This one guy from this filthy nowhere estate over yonder , the Rise , I think they call it . Of course , you prick up your ears when you get wind of something interesting .
Mickey would n't have ... He would n't want it to fuzz . Well , we 're gon na need them .
Yeah , it was to her . Said she 'd seen the real me , blah-fucking-blah . I tell you what , I would n't mind landing another couple of punches on that twitchy little face of his .
I do n't want to get into what happened last night . Let 's get through today , let 's keep our eye on the prize , let 's focus and let 's close some ass . - Noted .
And the other security guard , he does n't care . He just wants to flirt with me . That 's why I only hate some black people , because some of them are suspicious , and the rest do n't care , you know .
Okay . - Oh , it 's gon na be great . - You sleep .
Now you know two girls ' names . You know , it 's really nice to have a guy on the beat in the neighborhood . Makes everyone feel safer , you know .
Ah , Ohrist , I 'm sweating like a rapist . And you , you have n't even broken a sweat yet . Here we go .
is there any other suspect ? Frankie ... so you still want to keep two black-and-whites in front of the house ? Yeah , and , uh ... keep the reporters off the damn lawn , okay ?
Yeah , somebody might want to talk to the building manager about a little heat in ... in the room . That would , uh , help things along . Okay .
You know , things start happening and you go down a road and you think it 's just for a little while . And then you get caught up in it and you get kind of into it and just do n't even have time to really ask questions about it . And before you know it , you 're living a life that you did n't set out to or that you intended to .
Excuse me . You do n't happen to know whose dog this is , do you ? No .
After focusing their early interest on Roger Beckworth , it seems like investigators are back to square one . Today they began retracing all of the steps of their initial evidence gathering . As you can see , they 're taking what appears to be the family computer .
You know , you may want to add a little salt to that , because I use lemon juice instead of salt . Police are still refusing to refer to Mr. Beckworth as a suspect , but public pressure may force them to do that soon . In Hawthorne today , an elderly man ...
Well , maybe he 's ... Maybe he 's just trying to find his own way , his own path . I mean , you cast a pretty big shadow .
You do n't think we 're being ... I do n't wan na say sleazy , because that 's not the right word but a little irresponsible ? I mean , you know ?
If this food gets cold , I 'm gon na be mad . Since you 're being honest , just be real . Did you ?
Cuz , you ready to smash on this nigga ? I know where his homie stay . Turn on Vernon .
My girl ai n't feeling you , cuz ! Nigga , concentrate on not dropping the soap bitch-ass nigga ! Fuck you , cuz .
Just try to be happy while you 're here hope there 's another place better than this and hope that Jesus lets your ass in . But while you 're here you better watch your back . That 's what I know , Mama .
Annie ... You could 've gotten someone to help you . You could ...
Not face to face . He was a fucking asshole ! He cheated on me four times .
Look at my pretty baby . One thing I know how to do is make some pretty babies . That 's my baby .
Fix me some food . You gon na give me some love ? Hey , Ms. Herron .
You know , you need to ... You got ta shut the fuck up . Okay ?
That bitch look like she 21 . The one with the hat 's the one who took my Alizé . Y'all talking about these hos .
Tell you what . When I want some dick , I 'll call you and you can find a way to get here . Is this what I think it is ?
See how you is , Mama ? I would never do that shit . I do n't want to go back to jail , or put you there .
My mama likes to dance . I asked ' cause I just met you and I did n't want to chaperon you old folks . That 's my brother , Ray .
I go to the bathroom , '' You got a bitch in there ? '' I 'm going to the store , '' There a bitch at the store ? '' Then I got to come home to Melvin and his bullshit .
I know . And it 's been , like -- like 20 years . Is n't that crazy ?
♪ When you 're near ♪ There 's such an air of spring ... about it ♪ ♪ I can hear a Lark somewhere ♪
I want you to run along home now and have yourself a nice cup of hot coco . And if you do that you will be right as rain in no time . What is this ?
Meg : You know the film 's done . It 's in the can and it 's actually pretty great .
Get out of here ! [ man outside ] What are you gon na do about it ? Do you hear me ?
[ Laughs ] Well I 'm stuck here cause you stole my car . It must have been a heck of a concussion . Eric please tell me you remember our life together ?
You can- you can give it a try . - I 'm really busy as it is . - How so ?
* Round yon virgin , mother and child * * Holy infant so tender and mild * * Sleep in heavenly peace
Moving on . And we got that and card . Rockin ' Saturday night , huh , Lefty ?
No . And that 's none of your business anyway . You 're interested in being a good father ?
Adults-only . Yeah , now we 're getting there . Let 's have all you blended lovers on the dance floor .
All the guys at my school pretty much assume I 'm a lesbian . And not the hot kind . Well , have you ever considered , say , like changing your hairstyle ?
I do n't know . I got ta think about it . ( door buzzing )
We presented a very strong defense . Not that strong if you 're talking to me . I 've been looking over their cross-exam .
My stump speech . Your trips to Boston have created concern in some circles . Hey , I 'm working for State Homicide .
Maybe painkillers . For sure she was shooting smack . I saw the tracks .
I understand , because it breaks up ... It should always be , like , sometimes Amar , he gets a little tired at ... you know , after the pas de deux , when he finishes here ...
Yeah . I still gon na give you a neckline as much as I can . I know .
It needs to be ... It 's not , like , crispy enough . - Crispier ?
And I do n't want ... I do n't want to do the same thing over and over , so it 's good . - Okay .
God damn it . I knew she was too good to be true . Uh , Shelly .
Ooh . You got ta love the skeptic , man . Lem me guess ... about six inches above the grass , right ?
You want to know where your papa really was when you were in hospital with broke leg ? Do you want me to tell you the name of your soulmate ? Or how she 'll die ?
We meet on an exercise mat at the room 's exact center , she , removing the straps of her heavy clothing in a frenzy of sexual mania while my schoolboy 's uniform is removed with a more controlled and amused deliberation , forcing her to wait in an agony of erotic need . And then there is copulation in varied and distinct ways among the many other petrified , unseeing figures , for whom I have stopped time with my hand 's great power !
There 's just one more thing I feel like I have to tell you about first , though . What if I told you it was my own sister that was raped ?
They think they 're a great lover . They think they 're being generous in bed . What they do n't understand is that their type is an even worse drag for the lady with any sense than the on-and-off pig ever was , because how 'd you like to just lay there and be worked on , huh ,
# '' Love '' and '' hate '' are tattooed on his knuckles # # and my name is on his back # # Every man I fall for # # works the graveyard shift # # He kisses me softly to wake me up # # and takes my place in bed #
And he says he 's gon na surrender to his love for this girl here with the tits and that he 's gon na go back and tell this other girl in Tulsa , where he 's from , break it off , and commit to this hysterical girl with the tits , who feels like finally , for chrissakes , after all the one-track shitheels she 'd got the runaround from , finally here at last she 's met a guy she can trust and love and merge souls with and the whole sort of violins , hearts , flowers ...
And I 'd go to the wall to defend them against any scorn or culpability for a situation which is clearly not their fault . You can go nuts trying to figure out which tack to take . I mean , they might go for it .
That just breaks my heart . Maybe if I cared about you a little less , maybe if I loved you a little less then I could take it . But I ...
Very good . Jonas , just in time for feelings . Lily was telling us how she ...
Which , by the way , it absolutely was not . You know , Iris , when you catch your guy with another woman you 're not supposed to stay friends with him . You 're supposed to never talk to the prick again .
A bunch of us were working all night . She wanted to hang out . Okay .
I like that idea. `` Where do you wan na go on your next vacation ? '' `` Click here and pick a country . ''
You do n't have to do that right away , all right ? I mean , how big are twins ? They 're like this size .
No he did n't . I should 've made this motherfucker sergeant . Jesus Christ .
Put that gun down . Get the fuck off me ! Get off me !
Ronny , are you retarded ? I 'm talking about the mob guy who ratted him out . Boy Scouts of America over here .
Now my case was with Phillips . He 's either dead or a vegetable . - I 'm done here .
Our commissioner , he believes in this new program that puts rookie cops in the highest crime areas . So they want seasoned hairbags like you breaking these recruits in . Since you 're the oldest here ...
Mmm . I talked to Rodrigo about you , man . - Word ?
Separated . You know , I 've always wanted to be on the force my whole life . Yeah , it 's true .
You know how he got his name ? - Do n't tell that fucking story , man . - No no , it 's all good .
I see what 's going on here . You read this , and then you wanted me to come home and find this slutty little lipstick haiku so that you could be the one that ended us . It 's not a haiku , there 's not enough syllables .
Aw , shucks , I bet you say that to all the girls . We 're kind of on a clock here . I mean , there 's a plan '' b , ''
Um ... I think your profile said premed student . Yeah , no , I just have n't changed it yet .
I 'm ready for you to be ready . I mean seriously , how long has it been ? Are n't you horny ?
just so you know , I 'm giving you the silent treatment too . I just did n't know if you could tell and I wanted you to know .
And , for the record , I actually thought it was pretty badass when you broke that window like that . Thank you , I did too .
I 'm really sorry . But look , there-there 's plenty to drink , plenty to eat , um , places to crash . Youre more than welcome to hang out here tonight , in fact I hope that you will .
I do , sir , I know . But I am far gone in age and decrepitude . Er , you 're not supposed to hit us , sir .
You know , ladies present . Basically , right , you 're taking a loved one behind , and just when you 're about to blow your load back of the neck , involuntary muscle spasm . Ooh , man .
See you , Jem . I wo n't be late , OK ? See you ...
I am not going to allow you to endanger both of us , just for you to have your stupid little joke . I mean , if you want to make jokes , if that 's what you want to do , then I will gladly sit here and you can take the mickey out of me for £ 22.50 an hour- it 's your money . - I 'm big enough .
Yes . Yeah , I suppose it is . Yeah , he 's ...
These are the shiznits , baby . Give you a nice lickle tingle . Give us one , then .
Very funny . We got hitched together by some crazy dude backstage . I 'd love to return his beautiful cuffs .
They could 've passed it on . Yeah , but you 're the one that said it . So what if I said it ?
Paul , Paul , Paul ... Stop being so bloody noble , okay ? Fuck !
I 've had to pay for tapes . Dix , I 'm not even being an arse when I say this , boss , but if you ca n't sort it out , we 'll get someone who can . Yeah .
Does n't look good . The best thing for all of us , and especially your fucking stupid prick of a brother , is if ... We could say she fell overboard .
I 'll just get me jacket on . You smell like a tart 's window box , Steve ! What have you got on ?
Talking again , are we ? I 'll need my cut tonight . No , I have n't had the chance to shift the bonds yet .
So when someone breaks my trust . It fucking hurts , you know ? Woods , step forward .
Get on the boat . - Back off or I swear to fucking God ... ! Aaargh !
I 'm sure it 's been a while since you 've been able to open up emotionally . Or are you going to apologise for being the absolute prick that broke my heart ? How about all three ?
He skipped the county . So this guy just wants us to grab him ? No bruises ?
You just ca n't keep away from me . You gon na do more magic on me ? If you like .
[ Charlie ] Why are you not talking still ? - [ Dodd ] Do n't you fucking start . - You fucker .
what I do is , I normally go to the toilet . I take a toothpick , go to the toilet , and just get every little bit out of my teeth , or I try to avoid foods that get lodged in your teeth , ' cause ...
Meet us at this point here , this quay , 5 : 30 a.m. sharp . I do n't want to be hanging around with all that cash . - Okay .
? Maybe we should have a wee dance ? The dancers have all gone under the hill , my dear .
It 's usually one of the two . Yeah , do you wan na hit me ? Hit me , bro .
Three into four do n't go . - Think I 'll have to sit this one out , eh ? Suit yourself .
ADAM : She 's got a gig to play . MORELLO :
Primals ... Get us a pint in , mate . Dixie , we got stuff to do , OK ?
You need a bit pressure on it . Oi , I made a promise to Angie I would take you home , alright ? So we get you patched up ...
I 'm gon na put you down and I 'm gon na smile while I do it . And I 'm just gon na let you ? It 's already done .
Now you 're talking my language . I do n't wan na stay here . Okay .
I never met my grandparents . And my mummy and daddy- too far away for us to see them much . You 've got all these old people around with all these amazing stories .
Well , there is certainly authenticity to what you 're saying . If you 're familiar with the methods , why do n't you do something ? Because they work , like you said .
? ' Til we meet once again , you and I ?
Anyone . - OK , we 'll try for anyone . Is there anybody there ?
Or Satan 's just pissed off . We 're just blocking his gateway to hell . I bet he 's strong .
The hole has been there since the world 's first scream ! And now it 's gon na come for us ! The darkness is gon na come for all of us !
Hey , Bobby , we 're gon na move on . Yeah , I know , I fucking love this tune . We should be dancing naked on a beach , right ?
We 'll be back on the road shortly , OK ? - Nice meeting you , but got ta go ... - Guys , guys .
Whack it , whack it , whack the doo ... # Ooh , Jesus , that always feels so good . # Whack it , use your hands , Whack it , use your feet , whack it ... #
I 'm just kicking the tyres on this one , but further to the drink ... What I was really wondering was , is there any chance of your sucking me off ? Or something similar .
You fuckers , I swear to God I 'll cut you ! So you 're going to cut me , yeah ? Bluey , hold her .
Not everything can be talked about . Well , yeah , you 're right and I know that sometimes I talk too much . But it 's very hard because you wo n't talk at all , so it always looks like I 'm talking too much .
Welcome home , boy . I knew I 'd find you hiding in the same closet . Just like back when you let your brother take the beating for you .
I do n't know ! I was with Jonesy , and we were just looking Felix up on the net , just a something to do . And his family was so stinking rich .
Read the fucking signs . Open your mouth , you lacking fucking prick . Clownshoes .
I think he 's going to kill Noel Winters . Who gives a fuck if he is ? Noel Winters is a cunt .
Can we use the sat nav tomorrow ? The thing about sat nav is , you do n't where you 're ... you have no sense of geography . Yeah , but it gets you there the quickest way .
Long time ago . It 's quite a chestful of medals . Are you in the middle of a game ?
You get me my money by the end of next week , or you can fuck off back to the Wales , OK ? - Who do you think you are talking to ... - Easy , tiger .
Many years later , I got a letter saying that she 'd ... I was too late for her bloody funeral ! I 've never even seen her grave !
This is on it . On it like a bloody bonnet , innit ? Fucking hell , Dix .
So you think about what you 've got and if you really want to lose it and have nothing . Do n't think for one minute you 'll have me , because you will not . Can you leave now , please ?
Fucking ... But he come at us , man . He was waving this fucking shank around and shit .
Yeah ! ( Marky ) We ai n't done yet . ( Man 1 ) Talk about phase two , our cold boy runs round here .
For your information , they 're a size seven court shoe , broad fitting . ( # '' Papa 's Got a Brand-New Pigbag '' by Pigbag ) Chris !
( Marky ) For life . ( Man 1 ) Take the ting , man . ( Man 2 ) You 're done now , hey ?
Off to hospital. `` Ooh , I 'm weak . '' Then they 're better . Meanwhile ,
Did n't you ? I do n't expect the guys will be back next week , then ? No !
I 've got good legs . Yeah , you 've got great legs . Not that you 're my type .
Do you want to join her ? - Do you want to fucking join her ? How would you fucking like it ?
Someone sold you out . Your chart sheet is a joke , brother . But , on the bright side ...
Ca n't even start about you , you fucking ponce . All I 'm saying is , would n't you rather pack it all in and go and sit in a nice warm cafe , watching the world go by , chatting to tourists ? Fuck off .
Easy to improvise . Very , um ... useful for motivating prisoners . This next part ... is n't terribly pretty , I 'm afraid .
All my life I 've dreamt of walking in the footsteps of the great Svengalis of rock and roll . You know , like Brian Epstein who found the Beatles , or Malcolm McLaren who had the Pistols , or the legend that is Alan McGee .
Stand up for the man next door 'Oause you 're free in the land of America Not gon na die like this
Hey , Detective . Are you doing the work on this house alone ? Yeah , uh ...
RABBl : He never got the courage to ask her out , until 10 years later , Josh was in the emergency room and he saw Deborah again and he said to himself : - [ WHISPERING ] Hi .
Oh , look , he looks like a gay porn star running from a bunch of rabid fans . Someday , uh , you 're gon na have to run one of these with me . Thanks for the offer , Prefontaine .
Sometimes they do n't pay much attention to traffic . You know , they mightjustjump right out from behind a parked car to chase down an overthrown football or something , and , the speed you 're going , you 're not ... you 're not gon na have time to ... to brake . You know , so ...
10 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 ! I had a date with a guy last night , and we 're seeing each other again later today . So it went well .
`` flap my arms , I can ... fly ? '' I was a real pain in the ass , was n't I ? You still are , but I love you .
Oh , good , you got it . Is it 100 percent goose down ? - Yes .
I had hundreds , and all of them from different backgrounds who spoke different languages . One of them , his name was Caleb he spoke a magical language that only I could understand . [ GIBBERING ]
Doing what ? Vampires get more shit done in the day than you . Oome on .
Well , you 're young . Lots more fish out there . So he 's tearing down the hill and leaps into the water ...
You 're just running your mouth , like you always do . You do n't mean that shit ! Open this motherfucking door !
I ca n't do anything ? Well , you can move on . Listen , I ca n't -- Well , again , I ca n't tell you how sorry I am , but we 'll see things are fair and square you know , property wise .
A woman who had been in the car ... not with Ede . She dropped her sex toy in your car . Annie -- No !
I do n't know what you 're talking about . Listen , go for a run . It 'll all feel better .
All right . You remember this shit , girl . That 's fucked up .
Nobody 's gon na die no time soon . You do n't know what life 'll deal you . Just try to be happy while you 're here hope there 's another place better than this and hope that Jesus lets your ass in .
Shut up ! What kind of fool do you think I am ? Where 's Melvin ?
♪ Anytime you 're feeling blue ♪ ♪ Anytime you feel downhearted ♪ ♪ That will prove your love for me is true ♪ [ piano stops playing ] [ audience claps ]
Hey . I need to talk to you about something really quick alright ? I think it would make your mom really happy if you auditioned for the show .
What did you say to him ? It 's just a little trick I learned in College . [ Chuckles ] What 's that ?
Meg . Honey we are gon na run the show from the top ok ? Ok I 'll be right there , I 'm just gon na grab an eggnog .
[ laughing ] [ Bitsy ] Gwen , you 're in for a treat . Ned plays like an angel .
Oh here we go . Meg these people have families ! I have a family .
This meeting is called to order . Business at hand is the change in title of plot 89 . Also known , erroneously , I might add ,
I 'm picturing a colorful , full page spread for your shop . - Baby we do n't have programs . - We will .
Yep . From one dying cow to another . Yay !
LOU : And sometimes he wipes too hard . LAUREN :
`` Closet Queens . '' Maybe the picture was confusing me . What picture ?
It got me , like , all over . It was , like , in balls . They were like :
Someday I 'll wish upon a star And wake up where the clouds Are far behind me Where troubles melt like lemon drops
Heh . Well , no matter what , you have to show up for your kids . Like him .
I 'm all out of stickers . You 're all out of face . What happened to you ?
Possibility of seeing you without the intervening dress . I 'm not a good basket to put all your eggs in . I 'm not going to fall in love with you .
I guess I 'm on the list . Amanda does have the names of the people I do n't mind seeing . I 'm touched .
There 's clearly no sign of foul play . Looking under rocks is only gon na cause that poor mother further grief . It 's just a ...
Nice . Well , I just closed on a slightly used Beamer M6 . Minty .
Yeah . Like , old-fashioned bathing suit cut is something that we 're talking about . - Oh .
So I want to play a little more with that . The tricky part is , if you separate them , it feels like the end of the movement goes down , because it gets darker , you know , by making a richer back ... So I 've fussed with it a little bit , and we 'll do some more on Tuesday and Wednesday .
So add some beginning applause . Bridge , slowly picking up the couple . So 16 , go .
So you want to see his body more ? I also feel like , when I see him from far away , I think , also because of his body and how he looks , that , like , it all feels very high , like ...
Tell me ... what was it like passing through ? I was n't really paying attention . Yeah , it really was n't that great .
... and helping his fellow man to find the path from darkness into the light . From sold-out engagements in Rome , Tel Aviv , - Madison Square Garden and Las Vegas ...
We heard the gunfire . - Are you the one that shot him ? - I saw his head .
Hey , man ! You owe me a beer , man ! Three Ann Sally !
How could I not ? - Dave , please please please , answer your phone or just turn it off . Okay , all right .
Think about what ? About being degraded and brought to within an inch of your life , for example . No one 's gon na say the sick bastards that did it should n't be put in jail .
Singy things ? No , hey , I want to learn how to revel . Please , sign me up .
My father 's proclivity for rage grew over a period of time . And eventually , he resorted , after periods of unsuccessful counseling , to the practice of handcuffing his own wrists behind his back whenever he would lose his temper with any of us . This self-restraint eventually progressed over a period of years , such that the more enraged he might become with any of us , the more coercively he began to restrain himself .
And I know I should 've told you some of all this about me sooner , before you moved all the way out here , which , believe me , meant so ... it made me feel you really cared about this , especially because your moving out here was something I lobbied so hard for . School , your apartment , having to get rid of your cat ,
That 's convenient because I got you something too . Darling , I do n't actually have my gift with me . In fact , I probably mislaid it , but I know I got you something .
Oh , man . I think we just went way past complicated . Right .
She 's on location in New Mexico . She 's working on a little indie film . Sorry she could n't be here .
Greatest laugh . Although her ass was n't so bad , either . She had real gumption .
Oh , my God . Okay , this was a really close call . You know , I never thought I 'd say this , literally never but I think you were absolutely right about us .
I 'm on some kind of constant overload and it helps to compartmentalize my life . Just till I figure this out . This past weekend , the children were with their grandparents .
When that trooper pulled us over last night he gets me out of the car and he 's doing his whole Gestapo bit , right ? My man and thems in the car are ready . Shotgun , he 's on high alert .
# # Think I still ai n't crazy'cause I cut my dread ? #
You know what it is . I did think he was gon na toss youngblood over though . Why ?
Fuck this shit , man . I hate this stupid ass bullshit . - Bitch ass nigga .
If you got a case , bring it . But until that time , step off , dude . Hey !
This is Gutta and Slim . Lem me tell you one thing , man . Giuliani did n't clean up the city .
That 's some petty project bullshit . Now my case was with Phillips . He 's either dead or a vegetable .
I just wan na say thank you , man . The lawyer you turned me onto ... shit , I do n't know what that motherfucker did , but whatever it was ... I would n't have won that appeal if it was n't for him .
If the lights are off , like you requested and I so gentlemanly obliged , I could be having sex with anything , literally . But I do n't want to be having sex with anything .
Okay , it 's not about what you did wrong , it 's just how people sync up . You know , how they fit together . Mm-hmm , and we did n't sync up well ?
Look , Megan , listen , you ca n't just like drop a bomb on me like , `` hey , maybe you 've never made a girl come in your entire fucking life , '' and then say you do n't want to talk about it .
Wow . Hey , folks , I hope you are n't planning on going anywhere anytime soon'cause let me tell you something , it ai n't gon na happen , okay ? We are seeing record snowfalls !
I want to make that clear . Um , okay , the lights-off thing . What the fuck is that ?
We dated through high school , followed him to nyu . When I had to pick a major , I , uh ... I never actually planned on needing it .
We got ta go back . There is no turning back ! Whoa !
As you can see , it 's a magical wonderland . So do I pass the test or ... Um , yes , I think so .
And I think we both knew that for a long time , but it 's fine . We were just scared that the perfect person was n't out there for us . And what if they 're not ?
Mm-hmm ? I mean , this is kind of , sort of , you know , outdoorsy . Bit of the Shackleton ...
She 's saying it because she 's scared . Gemma dumped Chris because of Felix . - Maybe he wanted revenge .
Come on , let 's get back up . Funny that while I were chatting to you and Roper was sinking further into the shit , the safe in the Rise Club were being emptied of all his ill-earned money . There 's a couple of reasons why I 'm telling you this .
He really is ill , as well , Don . I mean , in the past , you know , to go to gigs , I 've said my nan was in hospital , but she 's been dead since I was three .
Yeah , no , he 's very good . Listen , I got ta shoot , but there 's a card . Cool .
What have you been doing with your money , boys ? Keep '' Livin ' La Vida Loca '' and all . 35 quid , please .
Josh will be a YouTube superstar . Do n't wet your panties , Josh . Stay in line , yeah ?
That 's right . Cheap as chips , you lot . - We may be cheap but we 're better .
Fuck that . Do n't be soft Mitch , come on ! Trust me , you do not want me at play .
Thursday is free . We top of the bill ? You pay 500 quid , you can be the only band on the bill .
For God 's sake , Toby , that does n't mean you just bring her back . She was screaming her head off and you were n't answering your phone . What was I supposed to do ?
If you do n't do that , you 're dead . Put the number in , or your number is up . Get out of the way .
Not a sound , people . Thought it 's gon na be some country house megabash . No , it 's a total wipeout .
Listen , thanks for coming in , mate . You liked the tape , yeah ? The tape ?
So he , you know , he had to ... 'Cause Coleridge was off on his travels . Could n't cope with the domesticity of life .
Oh , it 's ridiculous . Oh , come on , Anna , you 've got ta tell us now . Jem , leave her alone .
Fuck you right up . ( Youth 2 ) You wan na bang ? Let 's do her , yeah .
You girlies would n't get out of line , would you ? No , they 're gon na say the right thing . Are n't you ?
Shh , it 's fine , fine . Let 's call the boss , see what he thinks , shall we ? For-for fuck 's sake , Jonesy .
No . And if I were you , I would n't give a bucket of piss for Harvey 's future . I 'll drive you home .
Why are you being such a fucking dick , man ? Why are you fucking such a dick , man ? - What is your problem ?
As far as I can see , The Make only need their right hands . Whereas you just need your fists , right ? Simmer down , boy band .
I 'll see how things go with his mum . - Yeah , he 'll be all right . He 'll be fine .
Next week ? Get this , man- '' You can suck me off next week . '' I 've heard of a crowded schedule , but this is ridiculous .
What was she like ? She was a manipulative , passive aggressive unkind old asshole . ?
I need K. One of us is gon na have to go at it , Kim . You want me to run through a glass door ?
She never married . Well , golly , it is very small type . I probably wo n't be able to read it now .
Marcus is . As acting skipper , anything that happens aboard is ... his responsibility . He takes all the heat .
Yeah , well , that sounds a bit like I 'm lonely . You gon na change your clothes ? Again ?
Yeah . The only thing that babbles is a brook . And what else ?
Even more so . According to this bloke , the safe 's in a basement office with no windows , one entrance and the door 's secured like a bank vault . - How much are we talking there ?
He would n't want it to fuzz . Well , we 're gon na need them . For what ?
I 'm very impressed with that . You shocked me , 'cause I would have thought that you would have preferred Olivia Newton-John 's version of Xanadu .
Is being promoted . With Trey inside , I need a new guy , and Woods ... You 're my new guy .
And now it 's gon na come for us ! The darkness is gon na come for all of us ! It 's coming for you !
You could be going to prison for the rest of your life . Still , you might get to see a bit more of your old man . My dad was the fucking king around that estate , and you know it .
You own the paint , so you get to change your own picture . Where the fuck did you get that ? Dear Deirdre .
I 'm not giving you their names . You 're gon na make life very difficult for yourself if you do n't , Harvey . The Rise Club suffered a break-in tonight .
Fucking sling your hook ! You 've really fucked it up this time , have n't you , Dix ? Yeah , I lost it all , mate .
And say what ? `` We were E'ed up , fucking these lads , `` but it were n't our fault . ''
However ... I think I know where we can filch an hour . # Elle écoute la java
What are you planning on doing today besides causing trouble ? Well , Julie 's gon na show me around this ghost town . So !
Just saying what a lovely house it is . Rob Brydon off the telly . Oh , there he is straightaway .
That is fuck all . Ai n't you lot heard of a '' Dirty Sanchez '' ? Yeah !
Back up , back up . Get us all in , man . Slow ... slow down ...
I imagine it is . Yeah , and you 'll always imagine , because it 's not a problem you 'll ever have to contend with . But that 's not a problem for me , why ?
I 'm gon na go and sit with my boy . I would introduce you , but , euhh ... What you gon na say ?
Dane . What the hell 's your problem ? Let 's go play !
sometimes ... I can be a grumpy bum . It 's no fault of yours , love .
TYKO : It 's a beautiful thing we 're gon na do . KIRSTY :
What ? I said it was ' cause of the way you treated Felix . I said that was why I was dumping you .
Fuck you . Everybody knows you used to shit yourself around my old man . The day you arrested him , got six of your mates to put him in the van while you watched , like the pussy'ole that you are ,
I am doing this all on my own . Do you have any idea how shit that is ? I am so worried .
The band I 've spent six years trying to build up , it 's a fucking joke . I 've just been dumped and womanized . And now I 'm in the mud , people !
Your what ? - You said you 'd give me a fiver . - What a load of bollocks .
Take it , feel it , and pass it on . Pass it on , boys- that 's the game I want you to learn . Pass it on .
So you can walk away whenever you want , yeah ? Just give us a few seconds , eh ? Alright I understand what he 's saying .
It 's wee ! - No wonder he 's a complete weirdo . ?
Right now ? Yes , yes , just got ta process a few forms and you 'll be on your way . Is it two or four ?
You said we 'd get three times that ! You know I need 200 grand . I thought there was going to be a lot more cash , too .
I do n't believe in him . I sha n't see another Christmas . Mind you , if I was like her , I 'd shove my head in the gas oven .
Just crawlspace you know . That ought to ... keep the little kids out . Yeah !
It 's well grubby . He pulled this goth bird after a set , right ? Goes back to her place .
And '' your being scared shitless '' , that 's another gerund . - I did n't know you were that way inclined . - I 'm not .
I earned those miles . Yeah , you earned them flying to Denver to meet your whore . Oh , Lord .
He does n't want to go there . Well , we 've done everything that we can to establish that you 're a responsible caregiver , so who ... uh , who 's assigned to us for this ? Michael Ambrose .
Harry Potter , if he existed . The whore on the street corner . Your mother .
Let 's finish this and let 's move on . Get out there and get some strange ass . Could you give her a glass of water so she can take that ?
A garden like that 's gon na attract a lot of attention . You gon na give me a ticket ? No .
L ... I got stuck with a client . L ...
Um ... Well , I could go with the tall tapered arrangement with tulips and freesias and orchids or I could go with a votive of roses and lilies , I do n't know . - Claire bear .
I need you . Buddy , you know I love you , and I hate to see you like this but we got ta look at reality here . There 's gon na be Secret Service .
It 's been four days since Ohristie 's disappearance , and frustrations amongst officials and in the community are running high , but today comes news that the investigation has shifted away from the neighbor Michael Beckworth altogether and so leads to the father , Andrew Dillon . Now , Mr. Dillon has been adamant about his innocence , and , though police have not officially called him or anyone else a suspect , the feeling is that an indictment will be coming any day now . I wish every day was Ohristmas ...
Look , kid , I 'm sorry . You win some , you lose some , right ? Let 's go home .
You 're unfucking believable . I 'm gon na come so fucking hard . Oh , God !
[ GROWLING AND CHUCKLING ] - Your father used to pull the same stunt ... - I ca n't breathe .
`` after a long battle with colon cancer , `` survived by his wife of nine years , Judy , `` and their two-year-old daughter , Ohristine .
Do n't hit that one . Oan I see that for a second ? - Here you go .
I know when that redhead starts getting kooky that something about me feels alive inside . I dig talking with you . You 're an enlightened cat and I like that about you .
No , it 's not . Maybe we should get upstairs . Oh , it 's fine .
He likes music , so we 're probably gon na hear music . You know where he live ? Been to his house yet ?
I 'm doing something constructive . I could be out knocking folks over , but I 'm trying to live right . You call that living right ?
Okay . Hey , do you maybe wan na go on a date ? What ?
Jody . I knew that nigga would get his shit together . Oh , shit .
Can you make it ? Um ... you have a therapist ? So Otto .
Fuck you , cuz . I want a block on the fucking phone ! All right , Jody !
Thank you . ... such a nice guy and then bam he hurts himself ... Good singing though .
I ai n't did that shit since continuation school . Sneaking around Kim and her mama like I 'm a child . Like I 'm a scared little boy .
Listen , Lara , I was , uh ... Is there any way I can come see you some time ? Just drive over and ...
I 'd like to get this . [ store clerk ] I bet this is for someone special . Yeah ... it is .
You 're looking for someone else . And frankly , much like you I 've heard enough . Please , this town needs a Santa .
He 's the one who thinks brilliant thoughts . You have a lot to learn about Los Alamos , missy . Guess so .
Ok please ? I might be a dysfunctional shipwreck of a human being but I know Christmas . I can-No I will deliver the perfect Christmas movie .
There 's nothing wrong with me . Look , I 'm trying to be your friend , so do n't play this game with me . - And what game is that ?
Well , it 's time for them to learn that their dad is a big pile of crap . I get so depressed I need to wear high , sexy heels . - Stop jogging .
Not a big deal . - She said she 's not interested in you . Believe me , Frodo , I do n't like her either .
`` Medicated '' and '' Sweet Romance . '' Yeah , let 's not be doing the Sweet Romance douches quite yet. `` Poise Feminine Wash . ''
Whoa , whoa , whoa . All right , all right , all right . Pick him up .
Oh , okay . Well , if Dad spent more time with him then the memories would n't have to be so '' lasting . '' Boom , zing .
I do n't know why people do that . It does n't do any good . So , why do you want my picture ?
Do I ? You 're not wearing your PPD hat . It 's retired .
Places like Tranquility just substitute addictions . No follow-up , no exit strategy , it 's a rehab mill . I 'm starting to rant , that 's not part of my job description .
I tried to call you , but your phone is disconnected . I 'm coming back to Paradise . ( birds squawking in distance )
Okay , let 's do ... I think we should run the finale step , since that 's brand-new . What do we think ?
Tell me what number . I 'm just gon na say it . My only concern , and it would have nothing to do with you , is that it 's a lot of look .
Okay . I 'll keep my eye on Amar . I will , most definitely .
I want you to turn . Maybe if you kept her on her leg . So if you came back and you came up , sous-sous , and then turned her somehow .
Can it come down a little tempo-wise , or no ? I can just make sure that it ... that it ... it stays very , very steady . Yeah .
It 's always like this when I 'm on the Sauce . - I dosed six hours ago . My count had 5,829 grains of rice on her plate .
Son , I 'm going to be honest with you . We both know you 're fucked . Excuse me ?
that one so rarely encounters in everyday life . So you brandish your ax . That 's the ax that slayed me .
He 's ... resting . Get the fuck out of the car . I want to thank you for coming down , Mr. Wong .
You 're gon na be looking at my fist and then Dave 's dick if you do n't fucking tell us what this is ! The others have devoted more time and resources than you can imagine to developing an ability to pass from one side to the next with no success . But now we realize that you ,
And that the reason for this cold and victimizing behavior is that the very connection that he had worked so hard to make her feel terrifies him . Do you see how open I 'm being with you here ? Well , I know I 'm not telling you anything that you have n't already decided that you know .
Think I do n't ... No , and I know that I can be withdrawn at other times , and that I can be hard to be in this with , okay ? But I just ...
And even now ... and I try so hard . And she 's the one ... she ... she always says that she can save me .
Right , well wait . Let me go back for a second . So I 'm last off again , as usual , and all that business like that there .
They might not . Today 's woman is a total mess . I do n't suppose you know where the little wranglers ' room is in this place , do you ?
I 'm just kiddin ' . No , but really , that 's one of the stages of the thing , of using the Asset . There 's always a lot of girls around , you know , back there at the foundry there , at the ... on the lanes .
I could be surprised , right ? Jonas , if you have to guess of all the positions the elders peek for me . NURTURING CENTER
Call waiting . Can you hold for a sec ? Hold on .
But I actually know how you feel . You see I was seeing someone back in London . We worked for the same newspaper .
This ... This twisted , toxic thing between us is finally finished ! I 'm miraculously done being in love with you !
Just watch where the fuck you 're walking . Nlgga , you 'd better watch where the fuck you living if you want to keep living . - Whoa whoa whoa .
Get the fuck outta here . - I 'm gon na ask you one more time ... - Who the fuck are you ?
What up with that , bro ? Yo , Caz , this your man and all . I do n't give a fuck how many guns I 've seen him hold .
Motherfucker ! Now you want to see me bust , motherfucker ? You want me to make that shit official ?
Hey , Papi , can I ask you a question ? Why you ai n't got no bullets in your gun ? Can I ask you something ?
Jump , motherfucker . - What you wan na do , motherfucker ? What the fuck I 'm gon na do ?
Yeah . - You like that shit , baby ? - Yeah .
`` Watch your mouth '' ? You 'd better watch your grill . Guard your grill , motherfucker .
Work harder . The captain says you 're retiring . What did you say your name was ?
They done clap a little homey , man . Shit crazy right now , boy . - Word ?
But mine , they were always ... so happy . They were just so disgustingly happy . It 's a lot to live up to .
Um , yeah , me too . Wow , you are really pretty . Really pretty .
( Knocking on door ) Are these your creepy neighbors ? Are you the creepy neighbor ?
Uh , yeah , you can . You have tits and the Internet . Cedric , back me up .
What was that for ? This is becoming quite a habit , innit ? I mean , what is this ?
And what , hey ? What , you think I 'm gon na tell on you ? Luke , Luke , look at me , look at me .
You fuck off ! I 've handed in me notice on me flat , I 've sold the last of me CDs , I 've sold all me stuff .
Oh , just playing ... - You fancy your chances , do you ? - No .
You could pee in a bottle or something I could pee on your face . Okay .
That fucking uncle of yours took a ton of gear off me , and now he 's gon na pay up . We 're going to pay you , man . He 's got one week .
How 's Mischa ? She 's in America at the moment , yeah . Oh , we thought she 'd be coming with you .
Oh , no , they 've seen us . Fucking seen us , ai n't they ? I 'll throw you down the rope , OK ?
What , is he hitting you ? - He 's been hitting the other kids . - What are you doing about it ?
Do n't expect the beach , we 're gon na head for the hills . Yeah , I 'm up for that . I 'll make some calls .
Fucking hell . I 'm sorry , there 's no work for you here , mate . - There you go , Don .
Aye . is there a fucking problem with that ? There is a bit , yeah , ' cause you wear it all the time , boss . It 's all you ever wear .
You 're early . Yeah , managed to get everything finished , but I 'm absolutely shattered . Uh-huh .
He 's right behind you ! some jerk locked up in the Jersey Prison . Not every man is like your father .
I 'm fucking sick of this . I 've been stuck in here for fucking hours now . You ai n't got fuck all on me , so let me go .
Sorry I was rude . OK , sorry I was late . Mummy !
What time is it ? It 's , uh , it 's 12 : 00 , your time . Oh , shit .
Who do you think you are , man ? Fucking shut the fuck up . Alright , you fucking dick , watch your talk .
All of us . Now let 's focus on getting out of here , okay ? Now keep twisting at your tape .
You 've met Mischa , have n't you ? Uh , is she your assistant ? No , that 's Emma .
Listen , mate , I do a very specific kind of music here . For a clientele who really appreciate and understand that music , yeah ? And I 'm not sure that 's you .
Look at him . He 's like a cage fighter , all wiry and feral . - And rich too , do n't forget .
But if you do n't ... I 'll be forced to give you a little hide of myself . You 're joking .
Yeah . I 'm totally chilled out about it . Of course you are .
Get in here ! Kim , you gon na go clubbing when we 're back ? Yeah .
They worth anything ? - A lot more than the cash . - How much cash is there ?
Cause if I would 've pinged you ... You would 've gone over like an old granny of a sheet of ice . I 'll drink to that .
It 's just like my comedy . It 's , like ... it 's familiar ... like , we all know what a lolly is ... but there 's something very different about it . And like lollipops , it 's something that we enjoyed a long time ago .
Nor me . Still managed to pull it off . - You did well .
Fuck , I 'm sorry . We just meant to shit him up . It was n't me that stabbed him .
Get out . - Just give us two minutes , boys . - Alright , love .
Trust you to buy the world 's hardest lock . There is 1.6 million quid in there . What do you want me to do ?
What ? `` Coogan is a cunt says dad . '' `` Cunt '' ?
Well , it 's been fun catching up . I do n't wan na have to worry about you , Harvey . - Your concern moves me .
What 's it gon na do to her if you just disappear ? Remember how I told you they were gon na put me through management training at Weyland ? Worked your way from bottom floor to office , so I 'm proud of you .
I do n't want to listen to you all the time . I do n't want to listen to you all the time , but you give me all that . I 've been absolutely silent all the way up here .
KIM : Yeah , just bang , like that . Right .
[ Roper ] Fancy meeting you here . I 'm gon na fucking enjoy this . Not too late , am I ?
Kirby , it 's me , again . Let me know you 're okay . About bloody time .
Shit , I got kicked out for being straight . Who 's got the best butt ? Ooh .
is a cry for help . Not gon na finish there , are you ? - I wo n't finish there , no .
I was looking for you . You want a piece of me ? Stop it !
The boy who hates it here . Do you wan na look at our hole ? I 'm sorry ?
That 's really weird ? Maybe it 's like some kinda tunnel or something ? To where ?
What are you going to do with it ? First edit me and ' coose out , then post it on the web . A pound a pop .
He kept it . Someone 's got a big mouth . Marcus , we had an understanding .
I got fucking rights , you pig cunts . If you 've got something on me then fucking charge me . If you do n't ... well , you got to let me go , ai n't ya ?
That 's good . You could have written for the show , 'cause it 's so up there with the best stuff . I 've love to quote your own stuff back at you , but I just do n't know any .
You fucking slag . Fucking dirty bitch , look at me . Look up .
You getting your rabbit in your hat ? - No , I 'm shoving it up your bum ! Makes you think , does n't it ?
She was only 15 years old . You were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off . She was only 15 years old .
♪ After trial and error ♪ ♪ From the first half fever Till the cold goodbye ♪ ♪ I 've broken a few hearts They ripped mine ♪
That 's because it 's a model 36 , right ? Fuck me , mate , each one of them packs a wallop like a fucking brick through a plate-glass window . Ammo ?
Or when the Roses played the Hacienda . I 'm serious , it 'll be that kind of gig . They 'll talk about it for years to come .
OK. Look , I was just wondering whether I could bring a few people down to the gig . Ah , you know , from the company and stuff .
They want to do a thing with you where it 's , like , the future , but it 's 500 years in the past , and you 're , like , some guy who 's , like , a warrior that came ... I do n't even know what it is , but they want to do it with you , okay ? It 's incredible .
Between three , it 's terrific . No , really , I enjoyed making love last night . It was the most fun I 've had without laughing .
What happened ? Oh , nothing , a van went into me , but , erm ... A van ?
( Door slams ) What the fuck do you want ? I 'd like to do some business .
No , it 's not good . It 's flip , it 's glib , it 's journalism . - It 's you that taught us it .
Listen ... Do n't make me call this geezer , yeah ? I 'm telling you now , do n't make me call him .
The little piglet . - I dropped her off to my mum 's . - Yeah ?
Yeah . ' - ' You know what to do , yeah ? '- ' Yeah .
Tell me , is it hard living in a constant state of fear ? You 're fucking flying if you think I 'm scared of you . No , you 're not scared of me .
We 'll miss her , wo n't we , Marie ? Some things never change , eh , Marie ? Uh-huh .
Chuck it away ! Chuck my bloody tricks away ! What did you do that for ?
To explain , there 's been a bit of a cock-up . Uh , Felix was due back yesterday , but he ended up getting stuck abroad . - In Chile , of all places .
Just giving a quick call to , well , see how you are . I just wan na say I 'm sorry , again . If you can give me a call back , that 'd be great .
I always have a hat on my bed . Well , maybe on your bed it might be okay . Thanks .
Please let me just sleep . I ca n't take this fucking shit anymore There he is .
He tells her that he 's dealing with his parents ' estate . He tells her that the French government is screwing everything up . He tells her that his ... his heart problem prohibits him from flying .
What 's he got to be so morose about ? Maybe he has n't found something to believe in . Oh , he says he believes in art .
So have you heard from your dad lately ? Yeah , I talked to him about a week ago . Oh , you should talk to him more often .
Good luck . And so , after my ninth stint in rehab , um , Craig ... Oh , Craig .
I think I hit something over here ! ... Found her bed empty and the screen on her window removed . Right now , neither of her parents are considered suspects by the authorities , but there is some interest being paid to a neighbor .
She 's saving the world one maladjusted kid at a time . But that 'll all change when we 're married . I want a wife .
I need alone time with her . - You wan na hang out with Claire the boyfriend and Sybil , by all means . I 'm not going .
Well , listen , it was really good seeing you . Uh , if you see your brother Erik , let him ... Here .
and I feel like ... I feel like he 's looking at me and he 's thinking that I 'm trying to be white or something . And the other security guard , he does n't care .
You 're wrong to pull out the rulebook . There was never rules about this . What 's the rule about walking away ?
I got ta get out of here , pronto . - I got a Stage 5 clinger . - No , no , I need more time .
But we all need some way to get through the night . Try and find some other activity that keeps you off your feet . Okay .
But we 're about you , not me . I talked to your son the other day . I heard you say his name when y'all old niggas was here playing cards .
I have never had so much fun . I should tell you straight out I 'm not around a lot .
Say what , bruh ? Get the fuck out of here ! We 're talking .
Kinda unstable but you know . Jeez , you know , what could I do ? I-
Attend to your nigga . Jody crossed my last nerve . I ca n't put up with it no more .
She 14 ? - That bitch look like she 21 . The one with the hat 's the one who took my Alizé .
I 'm going to the store , '' There a bitch at the store ? '' Then I got to come home to Melvin and his bullshit . I want to get saved .
Yvette ! Get your ass over here . What happened to Jody ?
There are two types of niggas . Those with guns , and those with butter . What are the guns ?
You know , I ... I 'm sorry if you feel like you did something that you did n't wan na do but I would never have forced you to do anything . And really , we did n't do anything wrong you know .
Do n't think I 'll let you get it in her head to kick me out like the last nigga did my brother . 'Cause I ai n't having it , bruh . No way , no how .
Why you got to be around them nasty girls ? They do that shit every night , dummy . You know how many dicks they suck every night ?
You trust him before me ? Why would I put weed in my mama 's garden ? - Shut up !
Um ... yes . Mark , my -- my first husband he tried to , uh , kill me more than once . And I have a restraining order against him .
Your mom loved cocoa with marshmallows when she was a little girl . She was afraid of the dark . So I used to tell her bedtime stories .
A better man than you could ever be . If your father had been a better man , your mother would n't be where she is now . That 's so not true .
Instead of playing twenty questions . I 'm not the one playing twenty questions . You know , you ca n't just accept rides from boys , Davey .
[ Meg Ted Chuckle ] I 'm not gon na even let my kid audition next year . It 's demoralizing .
[ Piano plays ] [ Davey sings'Every Time We Say Goodbye by Ella Fitzgerald ] ♪ Every time we say goodbye I die a little ♪
Officer ! Office thank goodness you 're here . I need to report a potential kidnapping .
Fine ! But what I need you to do is relax . And I 'm gon na go out and I 'm gon na take the kids to school
She 's a straight A student . Maybe some of that can rub off on you . Maybe ...
Oh . I better go see how high they 've gone . Gentlemen , where are we at ?
[ Knocking ] There 's no more room at this inn . [ Clapping ]
No no ! Baby 20 minutes ago you did n't remember their names . Well ...
Get there . I do n't wan na do this ! Hey .
Is it the bra ? Because if it 's the bra , just take it off . You do n't need it anyways .
Heh . - Where was he gon na take you ? Africa .
I do n't want her to disappear . Sweetheart , she 's never gon na disappear . Never ever .
Thank you , Steven . I guess I 'm on the list . Amanda does have the names of the people I do n't mind seeing .
Their father can afford it . I raised them , he paid for it . He 's always been good that way .
If you say so . I 'm going to have to run a tab for a while . That okay ?
Let 's get hooked . I 'm gon na hook before I snap . Okay .
You know , we get down there , and it 's , like , ten percent of what I thought it would be ... in a good way , you know what I mean ? Like , I 'm like , '' Oh , that 's actually really nice , andifs , Hke , it enhances everything , and it 's not like , an obvious thing , '' so ... It 's how far do we push those moments of narrative into a story with the light ?
Good . The bump can be a little more dramatic . It 's starting to lose its intensity .
Exorcists ? You guys already have a bit of a following though , do n't ya ? I found a couple of discussion boards on the web devoted to you and your friend and your ... hobby , I guess .
He 's that kid ... kinda talks like a junior gangster . He 's one of the missing , right ?
Okay , so those white things that you saw take over Justin ... they 're looking for hosts , okay ? Now , uh , there was a drug that the guy , the one who exploded , he had it in his trailer ... That stuff is black , right ?
I assume we share a common enemy . If you can not defeat him , then all hope for mankind will be lost . Gentlemen , the winds of destiny have blown us together .
Okay . Until I figure it out for real . Okay .
You owe me a beer , man ! And if he had a stash , he could n't just cram it under his bed . That black shit moves , it has a will , an attitude .
Me ... I do n't even wan na know anymore . I suppose you 're wondering what I 'm doing with this can of gasoline ?
Right ? 'Cause that 's not what I 'm doing . Oh .
They 're all swelled up on their own expertise . They think they 're a great lover . They think they 're being generous in bed .
Go ahead and ask him . More pussy than a toilet seat . No , I know .
I feel like no ebb 's allowed . And that breaks my heart . That just breaks my heart .
You gave her war ? I gave her the memory of the child . A child taken from her mother .
The light went from her eyes . The next morning , without telling me , she went to the chief elder and asked to be released . So she was released and now lives in elsewhere .
Is Jonas now more powerful than you ? What did the chief elder mean when she said we can not afford another failure ? Well , ten years ago the receiver ...
That 'll be it , for real . It 's not like we 'll ever bump into each other . And then what 's left ?
What 's it called ? I think it 's called Berry Kiss . very Berry Kiss it is .
It 's what makes it so warm this time of year . Legend has it , when the Santa Anas blow all bets are off . Anything can happen .
Yes , only because he had the greatest girl in town . He had to take her off the market . - That 's the truth .
They carried one and one walked away , nigga . The one you see standing in front of you right now on his own two . True true true .
Hurry up . It 's hot out this motherfucker . There 's police everywhere .
You 'd better fucking back down . Get out of my face . Get out of my face .
That 's right . So now you go to the pet store and pick out two turtles , ' cause you boys are gon na have your own room . - Really ?
# Mark every word spoken , ready to sell your pussy # # If you think I 'm joking , motherfucker , where 's my fucking money ? #
He would ... he had this little standoff shit where he would square off on a cat and he had this little slow rock . You know what I 'm saying ?
Now you want to see me bust , motherfucker ? You want me to make that shit official ? Say some shit .
The fucking Dominicans ... they take pliers , put ' em on your nuts , squeeze your nuts like a walnut . And then they throw fucking taco sauce and gasoline on the plastic and burn your ass up . The Columbians ... the Columbians ?
Shut the fuck up , bitch ! Come on , I got this , man . Take this , take this .
I would n't have won that appeal if it was n't for him . - Oh , man , that was nothing . - Nothing ?
I 'm not playing with you , nigga . I will burn you in your motherfucking eye . What did you say to the fucking police ?
It just keeps coming . Hey , you got ta turn the knob ! No , I mean the punishments from the universe .
Okay . Do you want to hang out ? ( Chuckling )
I bet you a 150 bucks Rick Raines is fully erect right now . ( Chuckling )
Exactly , and yet I am sensing some distinctly judgey vibes coming from your side of the bed , which is odd considering the team work involved . There 's no judgey vibes coming from this side of the bed . Honestly , I really admire what you did .
okay , um ... So I would just like to frame the next question in the context that my diet does n't normally consist of junk food . And with that in mind hypothetically ...
There 's no judgey vibes coming from this side of the bed . Honestly , I really admire what you did . I wish more girls were that forward .
Yeah , basically we were just thinking , what if you moved out , you know , like what would that be like ? And you have to understand , you can stay here as long as you need , until you get on your feet . A couple of days , three days ...
I think you must be too hot . - Yeah , it does feel hot . Yeah , I thought so .
Hi . Listen , thanks for coming in , mate . You liked the tape , yeah ?
Come on , let 's play . - Jamie , I said leave it . - All right , lovely .
Those two hate my guts , fair enough . Now I 've got your fucking little weasel of a brother trying to turn Bluey against me . Think I do n't like all this fussing and fighting .
Aaaah ! I do n't want to be doing shit like this . Cutting up bitches , and shit .
Hey , can I help you ? Hiya , I 'm just looking for Horsey . He 's like one of the main guys here now , I think .
Well , fucking ... Listen to me , I 'm sacking you . Is it ' cause I 'm Welsh ?
I 'm in Afghanistan stewing in sweat and fear and blood . And when I get home , my kid brother 's found swinging from the rafters . The groundsman cut him down .
I want to play , I want to play , come on . Come on , let 's play , Truth or Dare , bitch ? You and me .
It 's a pound a bullet . Seven bills for the.38 , eight and a halffor the Glock and a full grand for that Sig there . ( Kenny snorts )
Stop talking . Yeah , but I 'm just sharing a bit of information . You ought to ...
No , I 'm not alright , Dix . We 're being chucked out the flat . OK ?
Five summers with the length of five long winters , and again I hear these waters rolling from their mountain springs with soft inland murmur . Oft in lonely rooms'mid the din of towns and cities I have owed to them in times of weariness sensations sweet .
Yeah . Boys , I 'm a bit strapped myself . I 've had to pay for tapes .
Alright ! Why not make it two on two there huh ? You , me and boys against girls !
Come on , it 's way past your bedtime . No bedtime for you this weekend , eh , princess ? - Can we go to McDonald 's ?
What a shit hole . You would n't want to live round here if you did n't have to , would ya ? Guv , normally we send uniform to do the death-o-grams .
Would n't stand up in court . The girl was off her face . So there was no informed consent .
you know ... then you can always ... you know , enjoy yourself at the weekend . But you 've got to rein it in during the week . You have to , all right ?
The clench ? You 've never felt anything like it , mate . - Still reckon you 've done it ?
I do n't know what to say . Well , erm ... do you feel the same ? No .
`` AE Housman , sir . '' Was n't he a nancy , sir ? Foul , festering , grubby-minded little trollop .
Steady , tiger . ... since we bloody lived here . Here .
But we have to play well or we 're not getting invited back . So if you could lower yourself to the level of the public , that would be great . All right .
I did remind him ... of the night we shared together . And how it would be a tad embarrassing if , uh ... well , if anyone found out about it . Which is technically blackmail , I suppose , but whatever .
We can chat in here . All right , I 've got you . All right ?
Now move ! - You shut up and get down . - Move your ass , or we 'll blow your faces off !
Do n't worry . We 'll be back on the road shortly , OK ? - Nice meeting you , but got ta go ...
Yes ? 'T is a continental breakfast . 'Twill only take 20 minutes , max .
'Cause slippey Niko is looking to take our place . So we got ta use that . You are having no problem ?
Let 's have a little bit of professionalism in here . We 're just messing about , right ? You gon na be all right with that ?
He does n't have beer over here . Nah , you know I do n't drink beer mate . I 've got subscripts .
ADAM : Sure you do n't wan na come in ? SINGER :
I 've missed you . Yeah , I 've missed you , too . - So how long 's this going to take ?
Why not ? They ca n't be very good friends if they were gon na leave you there twisting in the wind . They 're not criminals .
Yes , dad left it to me . And , no , I 'm not bringing it on some getaway job . It 's not some getaway job .
Here , stand up , my man . You 're all right , ai n't you ? MAN 3 :
I know , it would have been great , but I 'd be safe in the knowledge that I could do that , and he wo n't come back with his man in a box , which would have been brilliant , but he ca n't , 'cause he 's brown bread . I 'd be there .
Alright , get in the cage with my boy . Let 's see if your arshole is still intact . You fucked of to the city and left him for dead , so ...
`` Here lies Clarence B Parkinson. `` He was born , he effed it up `` and then he died . ''
Not every man is like your father . I 've got some jerk locked up ... The boy is asking for it .
Bad idea . Seriously , if you say anything she 's just gon na spaz out . Gets packed up by tonight .
What now , ladies ? Hit another bar or something ? Ca n't we get a bottle of wine and drink it here ?
He says he did n't send it . He said , '' Truth or Dare , bitch . '' Did you ?
Nice to meet you , Julie . With my brother Dane , and my mom Susan . He 's there up there .
ADAM : Okay , he 's not joking No , no , no , no , no ! BOBBY :
It 's not an exam in footwear . Somebody told me it 's four miles to the bogs . Do you want somewhere with a shit degree but has toilets en suite ?
I , on the other hand , grew up in the East End of London , and all I ever wanted to do was blow the bloody doors off . I 've had to put up with this all week . Must be exhausting , keeping all this going all the time .
A creep ! A weirdo , all twitchy desperate . - I thought you were his friends .
Yeah , yeah , get over it . Truth or Dare , Mr. Gimp ? Truth , probably .
Happy faces . # Ooh , ba-da , bop bop ba # It was nice .
Nearly 10 years now . She done well , bless her . - That 's a long time .
Nah , it 's just I do n't to brawl with the footsoldiers I want to have a crack at your boss . Mitch , right ?
It 's how it goes , innit ? These days you need protection on the roads . But tell me something , though ..... when my little brother got himself cut up , where the fuck were you lot ?
On Gemma ? End of term , mate , anything goes . That 's not true , actually .
That 's Wordsworth , I think , going on about the French Revolution . That was when he was younger , before he started going on about daffodils . This is a wild and windy moor .
Come on , what did he say ? He wanted to know when he was gon na become a grandfather . - You are joking .
You do n't wan na hear it ' cause it 's the truth . I fucking loved her , man . Yeah , I know .
Where was he found ? Listen , ma'am , we 're gon na be late for this briefing . Is this exactly where Mr Brown was found ?
A fucking small window . Which means we 've got ta get it right . No room for mistakes , none .
OK , I 'm just going to ask you to roll yourself onto your side , facing me . You do n't ask for much do you , eh ? I 'm going to feel the muscles in your spine again .
I 'm old , forgetful . Why do n't you jog me memory ? OK .
What 're you saying ? I dressed it up in legalese , but basically it 's all bullshit . Would n't stand up in court .
( Pants ) Give me your fucking money , man . Are you fucking deaf ?
We bumped into each other at Sainsbury 's . - Erm , what can I get you to drink ? - Erm , wine ?
Noel , I think you think you 're taking control of this situation . I 'll take control of you , you fucking slag . It seems to me you 're losing control , you 're losing it .
Oh , hey , hey , hey , come on . For Christ 's sake , it 's the one thing that 's certain in life . Death .
Hillbilly . That 's it , go comatose for me , baby . You shut your mouth when you 're talking to me .
Monkey , monkey , monkey , monkey . She just keeps saying everything 's a monkey , and the other couple , I mean , they 're just kind of backing away from her , you know , not sure . What do you think ?
Yeah , I 'm sorry , I just , uh ... Sorry I 'm late , I just ... You okay ?
Thank you . We 'll check back with you whenever you have new developments in that case . But right now , we 're gon na go to Tricia Alexander , who is standing by with an amazing story .
You 're a homo . Oh , for God sakes , William , put Mommy to bed already . Okay .
Between your smiles and your frowns Now I 'm buried in the armor 'Oause I 'm an iron man
Yeah ? So what 's up with the results of the review of Dillon 's hard drive ? It 's right here .
Yes ! - Well , you have a gift . I know .
We 're good to go . Gonzo , you 're the main tank . Go !
Hm . Harry Potter , if he existed . The whore on the street corner .
You are relentless In the way that you love me I 'm afraid of the thoughts that you 're making
I told you ! I told everybody a hundred times ! Well , then tell me again .
You know , so ... So just , you know , for everyone 's sake , slow down next time , okay ? You 're not gon na give me a ticket ?
Claire , get your fucking ass on that altar right now ! Wow , getting a nice preview of what marriage is gon na be like with Ike Turner here . - Sack !
No , no , no , I think he 's really hurt . Well , serves him right after that throw . Hey .
Yeah . My sons are gon na be studs . No kidding .
Well , you can move on . Listen , I ca n't -- Well , again , I ca n't tell you how sorry I am , but we 'll see things are fair and square you know , property wise . Now , uh , I need your e-sig ...
Walking around here like you 're King Tut ! Do n't give me mess about whose house this is . It 's mine !
I just sort of- - I just sort of muddle through my days , you know . And I'm-
All you think about is yourself ! Out of all people , why 'd you have to fuck that girl ? Damn !
Mmm . And you 're like still so beautiful . You still talk so softly .
Oh , but he love you , though . You need to check him . What 's he say about moving in ?
Hook me up with your business ! When you gon na find me a job ? - Why I got ta find you a job ?
I 'm sorry I hit you , okay ? You blacked my eye too . What about me ?
Okay . Otto , I 'm planning a trip . You are .
Good . ¶ Hooray up she rises ¶ ¶ Hooray up she rises ¶
Why is that bitch staring ? I do n't know , but she about to get slapped . Fuck you .
Who the fuck are you calling fired up ? You 're responsible for the shit they give me . You still ai n't found me no job !
He need to hear this . I keep quiet out of love and respect for your mama ... - ... but you need to be a man .
[ Walter ] It 's a wasted life . How dare you say that my father had a wasted life . You do n't know anything .
Meg ! So no trigger , Just ouch . Hey .
Cut ! Ok everybody that 's a cut ! You 're doing it again .
I guess you did . And now we 're back in civilization . Adjacent .
No ? Eric if you are in on all of this I have taken it in , and I 've found my ability to forgive but mostly I am so happy to see you .
I love you too . Can I ask you something ? Sure .
Ca n't wait to see . Twas a night before Christmas and all through the house . [ Clears Throat ]
You 're so cliché I 'm mad at my brain right now . So Doc how long will this episode gon na last for ? Oh these delusions are usually short-lived .
Let 's get going . I got ta be somewhere in an hour . So , go .
Hello Meg . Here for the hourly loop ? No !
[ laughs ] You do n't know your ass from your armpit . You mean elbow , do n't you ? - Are you always so friendly ?
It 's not possible . The forest is the heart of this town . It 's the simple .
Dick was gon na propose to Jen . A family honeymoon , a '' familymoon . '' And your dumb friend ruined it .
Try this on . This is a total MILF dress . We do n't try on the clients ' clothes .
Ah-ah-ah . My brother does n't need you to teach him how to hit ! Okay .
All right . Hey , I noticed that you made eye contact with Boobies but I 'm not sure it was her eyes you were looking at . So you organize closets for a living .
( IN ENGLISH ) Which means : `` Lovers long for the moment their souls may blend in a whisper . '' JIM :
I 'm sorry . I 'll get you out of it . - What is wrong with you ?
The girls are probably sleeping the rest of the trip . Possible exorcism coming for the little one . We 'll see what happens .
Two days . I 'm very fond of you , Jesse . ( birds squawking )
Wealthy local . Runs a high-end rehab place in Boston . How do you know that , Jesse ?
You and Cissy ... ? Me and Cissy what , Hasty ? ( sighing ) :
Jesse , have you ever considered counseling ? You mean , like , a shrink ? Have you ever considered it ?
Sorry . He kept me on the side of him . - On the side ?
Okay . It feels like it 's fused to the bone . Okay .
More spread . Okay , you need to work on your finger flexibility . No , it 's fine .
Telling the story now , I 'm tempted to say something like , `` Who would 've thought my friend John would help bring about the end of the world ? '' - Hey , Fred .
And are you familiar with the old human saying `` I want to shoot you so bad , my dick 's hard '' ? I do n't believe I do .
Subtitle by~ pinkmei~ Solving the following riddle will reveal the awful secret behind the universe , assuming you do not go utterly mad in the attempt . Say you have an ax ...
I believe in demons and worms ... vile shit in the grease trap of the universe . And the more I think about it , the more I think that it 's not just someplace down there . Oh no , that it 's right here with us .
Time must move different here . I came right after you . At least it 's cooler here .
Is that a paintball gun ? Ghost door ... you see it ? Yeah .
I believe that it 's more than just murderers and rapists down there . I believe in demons and worms ... vile shit in the grease trap of the universe . And the more I think about it , the more I think that it 's not just someplace down there .
No , it 's really there . I 'm surprised you saw it so easily though . You must have an open mind .
The solution is to understand today 's woman . I mean , ' cause it 's getting time to answer Nature 's page , if you know what I mean . The solution is to realize that today 's woman is in an impossible situation and wants what any human being faced with two conflicting sets of responsibilities is gon na want :
You know why ? Because they 've already said all this nice shit about how I should n't be ashamed of the arm , right , and how it could n't possibly be that bad . So now you 're getting into your critical type stage , right , where I actually show them the arm .
I decided to get help . I got in touch with the fact that the problem had nothing to do with her . I saw that she would forever go on playing victim to my villain .
No , thank you . These bathroom waits can sometimes take forever , so it 's best to hydrate . Well it 's not that wine rehydrates .
Sure . Sometimes it 's like , I think , `` Hey , what if I ca n't ? ''
And , Professor , I know I 've been a little distracted , and I 'm sorry . Look , I know you 're allergic to these events , these parties and whatnot . But believe it or not , I actually look forward to them .
As you could see , it 's incredibly interesting . Ca n't be half as great as mine . Care you have your minds blown ?
Gabe is in danger . What they 're gon na do to him is really bad . I want you to come with us .
Hello . Can I offer you a lift home ? Why ?
Did I beg at one point ? From the moment I met you , it 's been an adventure . Oh , yes .
Which , by the way , it does ... Or did , before you went off like that . I ca n't figure out the mathematics of this .
If you know so much about me , then maybe you should stop fucking with me . If you got a case , bring it . But until that time , step off , dude .
Money money money # # Money money , bitch , where 's my fucking money ? #
My man and thems in the car are ready . Shotgun , he 's on high alert . Kid in the back , he 's locked , cocked and ready to rock .
Good one . - Gentlemen , nice job there today . - Captain .
Let me get ... let me get by you real quick , man . - Oh , Tango , you had enough ?
Boop . Then you take your bra off the side . You could even imaginary pole , just bring it , smack it .
we are having sex . You know , like , embrace the team spirit . Oh , and last night , when we were done , you retreated to the other side of the bed like you planted a bomb down there .
And I did something stupid , and 'm sorry . ... report that the subways and buses are starting to run , as well . Excuse me .
Comfortably . We 're gon na do some balloons . I 've got a better idea .
Careful , Poppy , you got your first driving lesson tomorrow . Oh , yeah , quick , put that down . You do n't want to mess up your blind spot .
I told you no dough , no show . Look , I 'll get 500 pound there for tonight , OK ? By 8 : 00 , otherwise you can get to fuck !
Well done , because the back door is the River Thames . You 've not heard of boats ? We do n't have the van to break in through the front door any more , so the only option is to come in from the river .
You ready , yeah ? You know what this shit is , yeah ? - Yeah , man .
Yes , that would be lovely . Well , we should push on , really . Oh .
Yeah , alright . Well , yeah , I 'll tell you what , I 'll give you a tape . My number 's on there .
What are we gon na do ? Josh , we have to get off this thing , cos if they find us here ... Come on .
I saved your fucking life , as usual . Ah , fuck you saved my life . Oi , the guvnor is the boss .
Look okay ? Yeah , you look nice , yeah . Look a bit like that guy off Top Gear .
( Jean cries ) Call my uncle and tell him to get my brief down the nick , all right ? Come on then , pussy'oles .
OK ? Let 's have a dry run . ( Guillotine rattles )
Mmm . And I went up to him and I said , '' Give my band a gig , top of the bill . '' Oh , Dixie , that 's amazing .
What ? Look , my head 's all over the place at the moment , all right ? Sebastian , get out of the car .
Now keep twisting at your tape . Gaffer 's strong but it stretches . One of us might be able to work a hand free .
But I will not allow you to endanger yourself , myself , and other road users just for your amusement . I was n't taking the mickey , Scott . - I 'm sorry .
♪ Real ♪ ♪ She got loved up on the seashore ♪ CHORUS :
You ca n't pimp me out . I could pimp that ass out . I reckon I 'd get a pound a shot for it .
You sure ? - Yeah , I 'm just a bit ... A bit shocked but I 'm , I 'm fine .
He killed Leonard . - He swore to me that he did n't . Now what am I supposed to do ?
[ Demps ] First Monday of March next week . If the meat van makes a delivery to the pub , we 'll know it 's sound . - We can stake out the pub from the flat .
We just came back off a three-month stint . The owner flew out yesterday , as did the skipper . - And left you in charge ?
Rules of the game , babe . Oh , yeah , I 've still got it . And I hope you 're not expecting me and Chris to do that .
Shut up , all of you ! What made me piss my life away in this godforsaken place ? There 's nothing of me left .
One fucking week . Or I 'm going to burn that shit hole of his down , with him still in it . Fuck off .
Here 's to Tammi , for being brave . - And a wicked girlie weekend together . - Three of us .
I 've got to get on , George . Yeah , I better get back . Jem 's not feeling too well .
Well , last night , for instance . I thought it might the big push . So , encountering only token resistance ,
'She loves it . 'Oi , mate , slap her arse . 'She loves it .
Bring it on , my good man . - Do n't posh boys drink this all the time ? I have it on my cornflakes .
No , go on . I , er ... need to know the competition . - You 'll be disappointed .
You said ... - I did n't say shit , mate ! It was a joke , you dick .
They 've taken you for a fool . Taken you for a fool . As a bloody fool .
Well ! It does n't seem like I 'm the only one who 's gon na be doing the talking this evening . What do you two feel about having the house to yourselves ?
Safe ca n't be in his office . The Scouser said he used a meat delivery van as his cover , so he 'd only drop at suitable places , restaurants or big pubs that serve food . Now , the only place round here that fits this description is the Rise Club .
Cassettes , it 's retro , it 's cool . You 're saying that you like the cassettes , yeah ? I think you 're right .
Eddie , I 'm worried this is how the Yorkshire Ripper started . He wo n't end up like the Yorkshire Ripper ! ( Dad ) Why are you so bloody morbid ?
Not yet . Just be careful , Niko , yeah ? Mmm .
Move ! Can I have a word please , mate ? I heard that you were though .
Look , you and me ... We 're the only ones with our heads screwed on . You helped them throw Lisa !
Yes . You nailed it today , man , but you always do . Seriously , it was cool .
♪ The times we 'd be having ♪ ♪ There 's no room For napping ♪ ♪ Or anything ♪
You know the ones . I 'm not gon na take it any more . God in heaven .
How could you not put me on the list tonight ? I ca n't believe you could fuck up like that . I 'll tell you what , there must have been , like , a mix-up , 'cause you were definitely down on the list .
I 'm gon na go and sort that mug out who sold me that BMW . Whoa , hang on a minute . We still need to sort out the business that we 're dealing with now .
A million things . It 's not like there 's no history there . - No , there 's too much .
Hey , man , you all right ? You and your slag blowhole could be going away for a long time . ADAM :
The boy is asking for it . I know it 's just ... his father was not a nice guy . We got married too young ... he 's in jail how can he be here ...
You good ? See you in a bit , yeah ? Why are you sweeping ?
You 've got a gateway to hell underneath your house . And that is really cool . What is wrong with you ?
Jerk . Hi , I 'll play with you honey . You know ?
Look . I 've worked too fucking hard to let your brother fuck it all up . This way , everyone gets their lives back .
So you sold him drugs ? It was just a couple of lines , I swear , I was just trying to help . That was en error of judgement .
♪ Ai n't got no cares ♪ ♪ I ai n't got no rules ♪ ♪ I think I like Living upside down ♪ ♪
Let 's forget it for a little while . This one kinda looks like a hand . Whose hand ?
Are you all right , Harry ? Are you OK , me old mate ? ( Harry moans )
( Hicock ) Oh , I bet it did . I bet you buzzed off it , did n't ya ? Sticking it to some old codger .
I 'm a bit of a mess . I swear , you 're gon na love this place . Trust me .
You and me . Put your knob away , Chris , we 're just mucking about . - Truth .
And the petrol , please . It 's , uh , ahem , £ 35.59 . ♪ Ideally I 'd like it to be payment ♪
You like ? Creepy Carl sure keeps it cold in here . That is a lot of wattage .
Why are we going so early ? Because I want to take in Bolton Abbey and then quickly say hi to my parents . You do n't mind ...
Yeah ... Once she was described as being , erm ... a bit of a looker . You know , that was in the old days and ...
And you drink it in . And you leave me with a spring in your step and you go off and you fuck your boyfriend and you fuck your girlfriend . And you all drive around in that stupid , little yellow car .
[ LAUGHS ] ♪ I 'm gon na leave you , baby ♪ ♪ No , you 're not ♪
I 've got , you know , crampons . Oh , might like to go for a nice ramble , Lyn , up Helvellyn . Lyn , Lyn , where are my crampons ?
Yeah ... We 're all here today to remember Mickey ... One of the best .
I 've got subscripts . It 's not about meds , it 's about your misses . Fuck off .
I have spoken to Division and they concur . I 'll be leading the squad on this one . There 'll be a full briefing .
I 'm sure I could sort something out . - It 'll be separate rooms by then , dear . - Oh , no , that told you .
I 'm talking about Roper . - I 'm not worried about that arsehole . - You 're not , but you fucking should be .
Grief , happiness , even when you 're dying . We 're making your deathbeds here , boys . Er , we 've got an ending , sir .
Where are the guvnors ? May I help you , lads ? Yeah , maybe .
Used to be pretty normal . I do n't know ... gone a little nuts ! We 'll hear him screaming from next door .
I thought it was just like a girlie weekend , like the three of us . Babe , if you want to chill at the beach , then , we can catch up later , yeah ? Come on , Tam .
He ai n't done nothing . Mum , give it a rest , will ya ? ( Jean whimpers )
It 's hard to know what to say . Eddie , I 'm worried this is how the Yorkshire Ripper started . He wo n't end up like the Yorkshire Ripper !
Top boys reunion . Where would we be if we did n't have you , champ ? You would have a family , Steve .
That 's good . - I hope she 'll be OK. - She 'll be fine .
You got untill tomorrow . You do n't tell me what to do , yeah ? I ca n't sleep , I had a bad dream .
What 's this ? - Do you need a hand with that , sir ? - Is itjoined-up writing ?
Oh , good . Yeah , she 's over the worst now . Yeah , anyway she 's got other talents .
I just ... Let me grab a ... a water . I will never forgive you for this , Drew , everything you 've put us through ...
Do n't you ? Yeah , I like it long . What do you think of the moustache ?
She 's , you know , whatever , I do n't know . She 's saving the world one maladjusted kid at a time . But that 'll all change when we 're married .
I could buy it . They 're on special , two for a dollar . I get 4 bucks apiece for those .
When am I supposed to kiss her ? Do I wait for the door ? Then it 's awkward .
Thank you . Thank you for saving my life . It 's been four days since Ohristie 's disappearance , and frustrations amongst officials and in the community are running high , but today comes news that the investigation has shifted away from the neighbor Michael Beckworth altogether and so leads to the father , Andrew Dillon .
Done . I 'm used to sailing down under with the Kiwis so everything is backwards . Even the toilets , when you flush them , the water spins the opposite way .
L ... I told you I 'm sorry , but I 'm here now , a-and we 're here now . You did it already ?
Yeah . You probably think I 'm a total weirdo now , huh ? No .
Because they living off the government dime Stand up for the people of America Stand up for the man next door
And I pick up this little sea otter and wipe off the oil from the tanker spill . You got ta step this up already . I 'm gon na give you the damn eye drops .
Well , I mean , you said you eat lunch there every day , but when I asked the neighbors around the field if they 'd ever seen your truck before , they said no , never seen it . Well , they 're just plain wrong . I go there every day .
I wo n't be selfish no more . I wo n't fuck other girls . I 'll be good , I promise .
You do tumbling ' ? Uh , do you have any time open on Friday ? Do n't do it .
You little dumb motherfuckers . See what I 'm sayin ' , cuz ? This nigga doing this shit every night .
Come get his ass . I ai n't trying to be his father . Joe-Joe , come here .
Your first , your last and you 're my only . - Quit playing and give me some love . - Get the fuck out of my room .
You are shitting me . We had a really hot time . This is an old girlfriend who found you on Facebook ?
I did n't do shit . You must take me for some kind of fool . You foul .
You 're a dirty motherfucker , Melvin . Do n't think I 'll let you get it in her head to kick me out like the last nigga did my brother . 'Cause I ai n't having it , bruh .
I definitely feel you . Hang up and come here so I can drop it in your drawers . Damn !
Is this Jody ? The Jody that got my boo pregnant ? Who wo n't take his responsibilities as a man ?
Well , I like your face . And your , really , your beautiful breasts . And your booty .
So you a little bitch ? Your girl tells you what to do ? I told you it was a trick .
I do what I do , but I 'm good . I 'm good to her ass . I take her back and forth to work , I fix the car when it breaks I give her money for the phone bill and groceries .
I did n't . You need to check your boyfriend , Melvin . You 're blaming me for his bullshit .
And I think that we should get to know each other . 'Cause I think that you are a really good father . Do you really think so ?
[ Davey sings'Every Time We Say Goodbye by Ella Fitzgerald ] ♪ Every time we say goodbye I die a little ♪ ♪ Every time we say goodbye I wonder why a little ♪
What is this ? Teddy must have dinged you pretty bad . Wait ?
Third , try not to act crazy . Well , I guess I might as well just give up . [ Sigh ]
And every time you say you 're not it 's like a dagger through my heart . So whatever it is you got going on you got ta figure it out Because I 'm almost out of perfect .
Ok I 'll be right there ! Honey I got ta pay the tab that we ran out on . Please don't-
I believe she is . I do n't wan na sound like I 'm not happy you 're here . I 'm over the moon you 're here .
He 's asked your mother to marry him . Ned is a good man , with a bright future . But I said no .
Hold on . Pooch got the hi-roller suite . It 's gon na be epic .
A person is taken in as a relative . Relatives are as strong as blood . It must be .
( CHUCKLES ) I L word you so hard . And you know what ?
You know , it 's funny because I was actually on my way to the salon . Do you wan na come check it out with me ? For what ?
I weigh a buck fifty . If I 'm holding your left ass cheek . ( JIM CHUCKLING )
Tyler ! Get off that dodo bird right now ! Whoa , whoa , whoa .
I want to help . I 'm not after anybody , Suitcase . There are no place out there for graft , or greed or lies , or compromise with human liberties .
You want to try anything ? - I say we go for it . - Okay .
Just do n't be flat . - Can you split the difference ? - Split the difference .
Good . If you cued the music and not the dance , you 'd have a lot of light cues . Yeah .
Actually , it just becomes better and better . How does it feel when you walk on the staircase to the theater , and there ... Robbins , you , and Balanchine ?
I had $ 5 . I just spent three of it on the bratwurst . That bratwurst cost $ 3 ?
They said you had ... No no , there 's no time to explain all this right now . Look , leave the police station right now during all the commotion .
I 'm starting to think there 's nothing you can do to help me . Son , I 'm going to be honest with you . We both know you 're fucked .
It 's like ... when you 're on it , it 's like overload . Like if you hooked your car radio up to one of those interplanetary SETI antennas , you just get shit from all over the place .
You ... you made me see something . You made me see something out of my own head . You freaked me out so that I would see something .
No , wait . Where are we gon na go ? - Emergency room , John .
Marconi . - He is willing to face down - the legions of evil .
But you do . # Every man I fall for # # drinks his coffee black # # '' Love '' and '' hate '' are tattooed on his knuckles # # and my name is on his back #
What ? I do n't need to be guilted into analyzing my whole year 's actions . Wow .
He says he 's calling her from the sky , is how romantically he puts it . Calling her in flight on one of the little phone thing there . Hey , you know what ?
I know . Hey , hang on a second . Hey , no , I know .
Does it sound shallow ? Or do you think the truth behind this kind of will always sound shallow , you know , everybody 's real reasons ? Crab cake ?
Listen . Listen to what 's calling from inside . Antonio !
Yeah . Lily , give me your comfort object . Come on , lily .
Okay , let 's do it . Let 's get this embarrassment over with . Okay .
No , no , that 's okay . I know you 're gon na look hot in it . Well , let 's hope you find it , then .
Whoa whoa whoa ! He accused me of stealing fucking candy . Stop .
Down down down down down down . I 'm gon na tell you , you fucking with the wrong one , son . - You do n't know who you fucking with .
Yeah . - Oh , this kitchen 's gon na knock you out . - Sal , I do n't ...
You know the fam . On the strength , motherfucking Tango right here ... when we was up , this motherfucker did his thing . Believe that .
Shut the fuck up ! Yo , get this motherfucker , man ! He ai n't built for this shit !
You trying to look hard ? You trying to look tough , huh ? That shit almost got you shanked up in Clinton , you know ?
Would you do any ... would you fucking do anything , Sal ? Would you fucking do anything ? You 're fucking blind to all you 've got !
I tried to reach you . The whole block gets shot up , y'all just sit there , do n't do nothing about it ? - Are you all right ?
Okay , yeah , all right , great . Son of a motherfucking bitch ! Motherfucking son of a fucking bitch !
¶ ¶ you could n't just shit in the sink , huh ? !
The entire city transit system is shut down . The streets have not even been ploughed . The mayor 's office is urging people to stay indoors and to avoid all nonessential travel .
Do you want to come ? Well , it kind of depends on the cake situation . Well , the birthday boy is single .
I can only speak for me and my friends , but yeah . Duh , girls hear that more than hello . That 's what you got ?
She 's dead . You like fucking dead people ? Cab 's stored .
Yeah , the smell . G'day , blue , how 's it going ? - Drinks up .
It 's a private party . Is this some kinda wind-up . What 's going on , Luke ?
Yeah , I heard . I am kinda kicking myself . She was one sweet shag .
Dix . - Tommy , what 's going on , mate ? - Dix , it 's over , mate .
Okay , let 's get it over here . ♪ Shame on you for trying To take me down a peg or two ♪ ♪ Ohh ♪
Yeah , that 's what I 'm saying . I 'm not a junkie , Rob . I 'm not encouraging you to become hooked on heroin .
George has disappeared , Kirby 's been murdered , I 'll be next . You 're down the fucking gym . What 's done is done .
I was ... I was a different man then . When I met my Kath I knew that all that stuff had to be locked away .
your surviving family , to visit you . I 'd be happy if you , you know ... I 'm happy with either .
OK , look . ... magazine and six record companies , yeah ? What did McGee say ?
Ah . Where do you live , darling ? Ah !
Oh , yes . I 've got ta go to work . Then I lassoed her and I said , '' Baby , you 're coming to London with me . ''
Um ... Well , do n't you find it exhausting , still running around , going to parties and chasing girls ... I do n't run around and go to parties .
These are n't women . They 're just men with tits . And the tits look put on with an ice-cream scoop .
What 's all the fucking noise about ? Who 's this , your new bitch ? Noel Winters , I 'm arresting you on suspicion of murder ...
You will lose everything . I can tell you , that is shit ! You will never get it back .
Today 's the first time we 've spent more than half an hour with each other without a bloody fogey or shitty arse or liquidised bloody carrots in the way for a year . Because our kid 's run off because he hates us so much because of what we do . That is n't why .
Oh , my God ! - Just take it easy , take-take it easy . - Justin , do n't !
Poor fucker humiliated in front of everyone for thinking I could be anything more than the loser they 'd all said I must be . Roper fucked you , there 's no denying it . But Nicola has n't run away .
Come on , uh , let 's do this . Uh , Luke , it is , uh , Luke , right ? Yeah , that 's right .
She thought it would be useful in the Lake District , the Yorkshire Dales . You know , it 's not like down south , Rob . There 's a lot of bumpy roads up there .
Come here , girls ! Honestly , this fucking bloke , he 's on fire ... Oh !
Yes , I am . Now let me out or I will scream so fucking loud ... - Shit ...
Your man 's coming round to buy weight any time now and I do n't wan na deal with him . If I do n't call in 10 minutes , you know the drill . Come on , Charlie , for fuck 's sake .
For-for fuck 's sake , Jonesy . Just , this shit does n't grow on trees . You know what it 's like .
If you 've got something on me then fucking charge me . If you do n't ... well , you got to let me go , ai n't ya ? ( Hicock ) Did it feel good sticking it to the old man ?
Why did Mickey get involved ? The kid came in the pub ... Looking for you .
Sorry for not saying sorry when you ran me over . And that time I chucked dirt on your head . That 's an awful lot of things to be sorry for at such a young age .
You 've never felt anything like it , mate . - Still reckon you 've done it ? - Fuck off .
I am not staying here . I 'm getting off this fucking boat right now . OK .
God , what 's the worst that could happen ? Kids eat some cake and we lift the grim bloody pallor of mortality for a few glorious moments . OK , this one .
Incredible , is n't it ? How far are we gon na go ? A little bit further .
I still love you . [ Demps ] This is n't just some fucking bird , pal . This is Nicola .
And I 'll fill you . Careful mate , he 's our case . I think the guvnor just shit himself
Go tell the police . Tell them about the drugs you were taking , how you were fucking a stranger when your friend died . Shut up !
You are much better than that . I thought you were n't gon na take me to football ? International is a different .
Lord , help me and these idiots to use the gift you blessed us with to come together . Turn to your neighbour and say , '' Man , I love you . '' Man , I love you .
Bollocks to the police , then . We know where Roper 's gon na be . If we go now , he wo n't even see us coming .
Do you know where Inverness Street is ? Inverness Street is just down there , bro . - Just there on the right , is it ?
A comparable situation historically would be the dismissal of Cardinal Wolsey . Do n't give me that Cardinal Wolsey shit . Who else knows about this ?
Go on . Why do n't you have some , eh ? - Let 's get the candle lit .
Man , come on . What do you think this is , eh ? Harrods ?
I 'll probably strangle him . What happen to the old Dane , I used to know that would draw rainbows and people with smiley faces on them ? I grew up .
Well , you could , but it 'd be a bit rubbish . Probably sell it for about 25 quid in one of the tourist shops around here . Fuck .
None of us cares ... about Felix . We just came for the free booze . - Left or right , Paul ?
Oh , yeah . It 's been like the Playboy Mansion in here . - What are your nurses like ?
[ CHATTERING ] Yeah , but that 'd be weird . ADAM :
Well , you know , who 's gon na complain ? * You are gold ... ( Harry ) Oh , shit . * You 've got the power to know
To them out there , this is just entertainment . But where does it end ... hm ? ( Sniffs )
The house is closed up . - Uh , we can see that , mate . We 're friends of Felix .
But other than that it 's not that bad here . I mean , school sucks , but I 'm sure its sucked in Brooklyn too right ? Yeah .
So ! What 's the deal with this little girl ? You guys know her ?
Well , let me have a look . Mmm , no , it seems to be OK. Have another go .
If it 's good for you , it 's good for me , Scott . OK , 12 o'clock every Saturday . - Do you like working Saturdays ?
We 're looking for a bunch of old fuckers .. Who like to call themself the guvnors . Have you seen them ?
Noel Winters is a cunt . His dad was a cunt . One day he 's gon na have loads of cunty kids .
About to launch it . What , to launch an iPhone app with your ... Rob Brydon , Small Man in a Box .
Right . I 'll meet you outside Topshop in half an hour , OK ? Alright .
I like your tits . I wan na see both bits . - What do you reckon ?
No , I ca n't . - It can go to answering machine . - Stop running away and just answer it .
His dad was a cunt . One day he 's gon na have loads of cunty kids . As far as I 'm concerned , Harry Brown 's doing us a favour .
Why are you so bold in argument and talking , but when it comes to the point ... when it 's something that 's actually happening - I mean , now you 're so fucking careful . Is it because you 're a teacher and I 'm a boy ?
Where we going then ? Just fancy a bit of a walk up here , is n't it ? - How are you feeling , Dad ?
You would have a family , Steve . Well , there is only so much of that shit I can handle . Well ...
Did ya ? But please do not to take this out on Lucas , okay ? It is not his fault that we had to move .
I 've never been out of England before . No , honoust , I 've never done it . Do n't expect the beach , we 're gon na head for the hills .
I will take him around your fucking house . I would introduce him to your fucking family . Nah .
Everybody knows you used to shit yourself around my old man . The day you arrested him , got six of your mates to put him in the van while you watched , like the pussy'ole that you are , Sergeant Hicock .
Are you fucking serious ? Look at his fucking face . He loves a fucking Thai lady boy , though , that one .
You 're out of order . - Give me those fucking keys ! - You 're out of order .
Yeah . You know , you break the ice . - Yeah .
Hang in there . - I hope you flip your bike over and knock your two front teeth out , you selfish son of a bitch ! You leave me in the trenches taking grenades , John !
But you do n't listen , Mom . I know you think I 'm a fool , your kooky mother . You know , you were always a lot more like him , only dealing in the facts , proof , evidence .
Oh , Ohrist . I thought that we had gotten past that , Greg . You 're clinging to this theory like a frigging flat-Earther .
Now , that 's all I have for you today . All I ask is that if anybody sees Ohristie Dillon or knows anything about her , to please contact 911 so we can get her back here where she belongs , at home with her family . Thank you .
You make it sound like a cult . From everything you told me about him , he sounds like a kook . You bite your tongue .
Did you say something , Todd ? Mom make you feel her tits ? Todd , where are you going with this ?
It was bad . After everything that you gave me , my sweetheart , I can at least promise you that I can take that one to my grave .
What you should be worried about is you 're getting sloppy . Now , if you sit there and expect me to go out on a limb and try to pull off the greatest crash of all time I got ta know that your head 's right . There is no room for error .
I was wondering , do you think the world would have been a better place if he had n't been killed ? I do n't know , but it sure became a better place because he was alive . Yeah .
He told a story , and it was vulnerable and sweet . He 's a sweet , nice guy . I think I ... pushed him away , like I do with everyone at my job .
Have a good day . Today I begin a new life . I am the master of my abilities and today will be a great and beautiful day .
Can we this work ? I can pick her up at 3 . You wan na try it again ?
Let me show you . You got ta learn the one-hitter quitter . No , Pea .
Can you do that for me ? Well , I can give it a shot ? Um can I kiss your little cooty cat ?
I 'm a natural gardener . That 's how it was done way back . You get on your knees and pull them up .
I was just freaking out or something in the mountains . I run a little hot and cold . Yeah , just a little .
It 's like a new world . I mean , I do n't know if it 'll even ever happen again but I think it was just maybe ' cause I 'm available ? This is n't dating .
But when you making paper , there 's rules that go with it . You got ta learn the difference between guns and butter . There are two types of niggas .
On the real , you know why I made you have Joe-Joe ? I thought I was gon na get shot out in these streets . I wanted a piece of me to still be here , even if I was gone .
Um ... you know , it 's ... It was no big deal . We did n't know each other very well and , you know , maybe we should n't have ...
Let 's discuss this inside . I wo n't be selfish no more . I wo n't fuck other girls .
Did you feel me ? - I see you ai n't going nowhere . - That 's ' cause I 'm sprung .
Oh yeah ... She 's a straight A student . Maybe some of that can rub off on you .
Do n't worry . We wo n't be long , okay ? Bye .
They 'll have all the paperwork for your perusal . See ya in an hour . [ Banging ]
Yeah ! He keeps calling baby and he thinks I 'm his wife . - And we are not married .
And you 're the mother of our children . And every time you say you 're not it 's like a dagger through my heart . So whatever it is you got going on you got ta figure it out
A lot of big ladies out there . - She 's gon na eat her way into the starting five . - My God .
I 'd brush them twice . And did you really call me '' Lollipopolis '' ? ( ALL LAUGHING )
I think the kids want it too . Not as much as I do there , schlumpy shoulders . ( BOTH CHUCKLE )
As your partner moves down to your shoulders , reach out and touch his ears . Gently rub the lobes between your thumb and index finger as if you were rubbing the morning dew ... - ... off a flower petal .
I have the legs of a corgi dog ! It does n't matter right now ! Move those little babies !
Dying on the inside to come out ! Her mother was tomboyish at her age and that was fine with me . You knew your wife when she was 15 ?
That 's it , big time . Give him the stink eye . ( GRUNTING )
( BAND PLAYING JAZZ MUSIC ) So its tongue was ridiculous . It got me , like , all over .
All right . Now do the same on your partner while making sure to continue to look deeply into each others ' eyes . ( ALL MOANING )
Where do they got him now ? They 'll keep him in County awaiting sentencing . You said there was an eyewitness .
So let 's get you zipped . But I thought maybe I stepped into it wrong . How 's that possible ?
Did you give spots their colors ? I told Penny this morning 51/ 55 for the bridge , but I did n't say anything for the front , but ... Good , because Thor is here outside .
Yeah , because that way , we 'll lose ... When she twirls , it wo n't get so far away from her body here , but it will here . - Yeah .
I like it very much . Are we worried about this fabric getting super pilly ? Well ...
Can I just say ... Can I just talk to the orchestra for a second ? Is that okay ?
I can do that . I mean , I just feel like you should make the connection . - Yeah , that 's really nice .
Now you listen to me , boy . Here 's what you 're gon na do . I 'll be back in five minutes and then you are gon na tell me the truth .
This is all normal . Shut the fuck up , Wong ! Now !
I could blow your world away , Arnie . If I show you what 's in this container , you 'll never feel at one with the human race until the day you die . You ever shit yourself , Arnie ?
Mmm . Is your family still around ? No , I was adopted .
Can you come over ? - Yeah , I 'll be there in 12 minutes . - Oh !
They think they 're being generous in bed . What they do n't understand is that their type is an even worse drag for the lady with any sense than the on-and-off pig ever was , because how 'd you like to just lay there and be worked on , huh , like a Porsche ?
And so on . Oh , more pussy than a toilet seat , man . I shit you not .
What you 're doing ? I should probably catch lily . - What are you doing ?
Honoring the elderly citizens who have devoted their work to the beauty and harmony of our beloved community , and are now ready for joyous retirement to elsewhere . Celebrating the new children , proudly engineered by our esteemed geneticists . Abigail .
And then we will address what 's happened . When I went over the edge , we should n't have made it . This was a miracle .
I wan na eat carbs without wanting to kill myself . I wan na read a book . Not just a magazine .
It finally looks like a hit . And that is why they pay you the big bucks . I think we should go back to the original cut on the end .
And then what 's left ? Two miserable people feeling totally mashed up and hurt . Or ...
I 'll kick your ... bring his ass over here ! Get the fucking keys , you bitch !
What the fuck are you talking about ? I ai n't got no money . Do n't got any money ?
You know them police think that '' bird of a feather '' shit , right ? They see you rolling around with this motherfucker , man , it gon na be like you back on the throne the first day . Which is why I had this plan for the business .
Go go go ! - Hands where I can see ' em . What the fuck are you doing by the window ?
Better still , we know where it does n't go . It 's not going to rehab clinics . That money is not going to junkies to help with their families .
Get down , you fuck ! Fucking get on your belly ! What the fuck is this , my nigga ?
You know I 'm gon na make the court date . - You know I 'm gon na make the court date . - All right .
Please tell me they caught the son of a bitch . Yeah , we caught him , but the bosses are gon na wan na find some kind of thing that 's gon na clean this up pronto . So there 's gon na be some kind of play that goes down .
Did you throw it out the window ? You 're fucking lying to me . - Are you lying to me ?
I need to know you 're my boy out there . - Oh , I 'm your boy , huh ? - You know that 's not what I meant .
What the fuck ? - You gon na cut me down in the street ? - Yeah .
I said kick the fuck back . Please , man , I did n't take shit . I got enough money right here to buy you , your family and a Slurpee .
If there is one thing that you take away from this whole experience ... never . Sorry , I was trying to cool you off . My dad used to give me those .
Yeah , it 's just like camp . What camp did you go to ? Holy shit .
Sir ? Okay , let 's wrap this up . The cop 's not happy , let 's keep the cop happy .
That is awesome . I mean , that is cool , sweet , I will -- that will be a very nice thing to happen , Megan . I will see you soon .
Oh , okay , all right . When a girl is helping herself , that 's a good fucking thing . My ex was weird about that too , and it 's -- it 's not like we 're competing on some awesome erotic Japanese game show ;
You know what , save your oatmeal . I think I 'm gon na take off . But , um , thanks for having me , it was awesome to get to know you .
Yeah ? ... if one were to need to make use of a bathroom how might one do that in these special circumstances ? Stop smiling .
I just naturally do n't go to it . That 's ' cause there 's risk involved . There 's a taboo .
You 're full of shit , man . And we 'll see who 's full of what . Truth or Dare , Gemma ?
What 's the matter ? - Buggered my back , have n't I ? - Looks like it .
Get on with the in-laws , do you , Jamie ? - Yeah , I do , as it goes . - Yeah , you get on with Dad , do n't you ?
I was never so proud until the day I walked your mother down the aisle . I do n't know what I 'm gon na do without you , Dad . - And I 'm scared , like ...
[ IMITATES A MONKEY ] Bollocks , I 'm gon na sort this out . I 'm waiting for Bob .
It 's hard to believe now , innit ? Somebody still alive today started work when they were just a kid . Just a little boy .
No , sunshine , I do n't . - Ding , ding , ding , ding , ding . - Bugger off !
The only person who could truly throw you a welcome home party . I wan na kiss that man . Come here !
( Sighs ) Ai n't no fucking ambulance gon na come here , brother . Do you understand me ?
Bluey , hold her . Fucksake , Sean , let 's just do it now ! No !
So , say something different , say the opposite . OK , look , er ... take Stalin . He 's generally agreed to be a monster , and rightly so .
You 're not my friend any more . Do n't say that , you 'll make Mummy sad . Oh , come on ...
I gave it to you on the loch ! - Right , you have my ticket , OK ? - Thank you .
Good . Now , you told us you 'd give us 200 grand . We had a deal .
Off you go , then . OK , everybody , sitting up nicely ... That 's right , pull yourselves up .
Well , it 's what they do in London . Alright there , boys , bit of fresh air . lnnit , too ? - Fine .
I ca n't work with that guy . Yeah , well , you ai n't gon na have to , are you ? He 's going to have both of us killed .
Anything you want to say . I 'm here to help you . Because I 'm your mate , are n't I ?
Noel ! What 's all the fucking noise about ? Who 's this , your new bitch ?
( Irwin ) One of them . - A bit draughty on the bum . - That was the drain down there .
You do n't have to say anything . Just nod if you 're cool . I just need you ... on that chair .
Is it a game ? - For an exam like this , yeah . - Dorothy .
I 'm Bobby . Now you 're talking my language . I do n't wan na stay here .
You 're too uptight . That 's why your boyfriend shagged around . - Wanker !
What the fuck 's going on ? What the fuck have we done ? This is all your fault .
Shit . What the fuck 's going on ? What the fuck have we done ?
That 's amazing news . - Yeah , well , I 'm not gon na take it , so ... You bloody will !
I could n't keep it in my trousers . I was a good-looking fella . Then one day I came back home and she 'd ...
Thus ... You guys are like celebrities . I mean most people move out of Bensonville , not in it .
Have you ... you have n't separated ? It 's in limbo , you know ? It 's in limbo .
We go into war . There 's gon na be loads of them . That 's what I need you to do ...
Right . You were nicking drinks , but you 've got a yacht ? We just wanted you to like us for who we really are .
Can you look for some bolt cutters ? I 'll be back in a bit . Thank you .
Real , man . You gon na let your kid brother chew your grass ? I do n't even know what that means .
For the next 90 minutes , anything can happen . I 'm sorry it took me so long to bring you here , my son . Look at that .
You 'd be here if that was true . You 're gon na be afraid your whole life . Not anymore ...
His father was not a good man ... Cause he likes to get drunk ... Lucas ...
Get away from her . Now back the fuck off . He 's got the keys .
Cause I got shit with my brother . Let 's get it done , yeah ? Cool .
I 'm Tyko from The Make . No , she 's gon na give it to me . Okay , cool .
We ca n't prove nothing without that tape . - Well , do you wan na go and get it ? - No !
I 'm really sorry , sir , but the last admission is 5 : 00 . Right , okay , well , it 's five past . I 'm really sorry , sir , but these are the rules .
See you ... You 're a right shit stirrer . All afternoon he 's have me go on about you .
G'Afternoon . The old Mick , you 've only gone viral . Viral ?
He 's got a gun . Who 's got a fuckin ' gun ? ( Guns being cocked )
Hello , Roger , did she miss the train ? Er , she 's probably on the next one . It gets in at 20 past .
Brought the old ball and chain , what ? Who you calling a ball , dick ? Yeah , be nice to my orangutan .
I only want to know what happens . What happens is ... is you think the last thought you 're ever gon na think and then whatever it was that used to be you ... just goes . Christ , it 'd be lovely !
Yes , she 's ... yes , she 's ... yes , she is , yeah . Hello ?
Alright , man . I 'll give it a listen , man . I will do .
And you ... I 'll stick it up your fucking arsehole and rip your fucking hair out , and you 'll fucking love every fucking minute of it ! You 're the type , I can tell .
But look , there-there 's plenty to drink , plenty to eat , um , places to crash . Youre more than welcome to hang out here tonight , in fact I hope that you will . I know that Felix would approve .
Right . They 're gon na pay for everything , and there 's a small fee , which I 'll split with you 60-40 . When is it ?
Though , Irwin , I am constantly available for the provision of useful quotations- sorry , gobbets- on request. `` Bare ruin 'd choirs , where late the sweet birds sang . '' Remember , boys , festoon your answers with gobbets and you wo n't go very far wrong .
Mick ! C'mon you lazy old sob . Breakfast wo n't make itself .
It stopped ages ago . Yeah , I was just enjoying the silence . What ?
Yeah , there is . Got their heads up their arse , mate , so they can stay low on the radar . [ Harvey ] I never had much to say to any other inmates .
Think I do n't know my fucking rights ? I know them better than you do , you muggy cunt . .. may be given in evidence .
If you 're alright , I 'm busy . Oh c'mon boss , have a bust at this . Email it to me , I 'll watch it later .
You both look cheerful . - Yeah , I 'm sorry about all this . - Do n't be silly .
? The dogs on the bus go woof , woof , woof ... ? Jesus Christ Almighty !
Bollocks . Besides , Kenny What's-his-name slipped him a bung . - Sid ?
No , no , I 'm fine , I just ... I just got held up . My family 's a little strange .
SACK : Next thing you know they pick me up , put me on the top of this mountain and they start chanting , and I realized they thought I was God . And I 'll tell you something , I thought I was too .
[ CLEARS THROAT AND CHUCKLES ] Go on , take it , you hyena . Do n't say thank you .
He 's never coming back . I do n't know why my mother ca n't get that through her skull ! I win .
I 'm gon na see a Dr. Epstein ... Hey , Sack , how long have you and Claire been seeing each other ? Claire and I ?
Right . I know you already gave an explanation , but I 'd like to hear it again . Okay .
Business was good . I met a lot of girls . And it was childish , it was juvenile ...
So , uh , anyway , this super-hot African-American couple has got a ridiculously cute African-American baby also in a stroller , and as the two groups approach each other , you know , they 're oohing and ahhing over the babies and saying the other one 's cuter and all this stuff , and , uh , Maggie asks how old her son is , and she gets down in front of the stroller and says , '' Hi , little monkey ! '' No , okay , come on .
Yeah . [ IN NORMAL VOICE ] Of course , like all kids , I had imaginary friends , but not just one . I had hundreds , and all of them from different backgrounds who spoke different languages .
Do n't start with me . I 've had a hell of a day . We 're gon na run 14 miles tomorrow , and then I think we need to start pulling back by Sunday , okay ?
Well , do n't worry about it . - We 'll burn them with the post . - No , no .
I hate the way that they talk in movies . I mean , it 's got to bug the shit out of you , too , right ? Hey , what time do you guys want to practice tonight ?
Red 7 ! - Oh , you 're gon na cover me ? - Like white on rice .
I ... 'Cause I like your cock in my pussy . That 's what I think is sexy .
¶ Early in the morning ¶ ¶ Hooray up she rises ¶ ¶ Hooray up she rises ¶
Hello , Yvette ? - This ai n't no motherfucking Yvette . Put her on the phone !
I 'm not a rascal . Can I , you know , can I give you my , um ... Can I give you my e-mail , and , uh , figure out how this ...
And I did n't even know it . I was just drifting along , right ? Took me forever to find a reason to live .
That 's just what we do . I do n't want to discuss ' Vette . We do n't need to talk .
Ede , maybe I can pick you up after that and you can come see what I have done just for you . I think you 're gon na like ... Okay .
Oh , divorced . Oh , my God , and Stephanie Giljames you are still so hot ! Oh , Lara .
So you got a new boyfriend now ? Mama got ta have a life too . I 'm trying to get money .
This Daddy Dick belongs to Yvette . Not from what I hear , you ho ! Fuck you !
He 's riding a bike ? You sound real hard on the phone . - Y'all got to get that nigga , cuz .
So this is the last one that I thought of . Uh ... maybe this will suit what you 're looking for . Did I , uh , mention wantin ' a large backyard ?
Fuck you ! You do n't know how to suck dick anyway . Why is that bitch staring ?
Then you 'll have my baby . - I ai n't having no baby by you ! Why not ?
I figured that much . I ai n't even mad at you , 'cause I already knew that . Did you fuck her with these condoms in my car ?
... blow softly on it ? And maybe just , like , flick it ? And -- and have my rough have my calluses ...
I want you to imagine your dad drunk . Like drunk as a skunk . Oh my god !
Davey Wexler ? [ whispers ] Go for it , Davey . I ca n't believe you signed me up .
The snow does n't just fall , it also swirls . And you just do n't know where it 's gon na land . [ Sniffs ]
I did n't know that . Your Uncle Walter is a group leader in W Division . W ?
You are not the woman I married . If you were looking for a way out , you found it . Ted .
Mom ! I knew you 'd come back . Well as they say , the show must go on .
I 'm still here ? Yeah baby you live here too . What the ?
We do n't want you to worry about money . We 're in a position to help . I
represents your connection ... to the four directions ... and the hoop of life . The feather represents your life .
You do it one way you get angel robes . You do it another way and you get tail feathers . It 's a matter of nuance .
TYLER : My head is boiling , Mom . Get it off .
Tell your ... His father the more he works with him , the more he 's gon na get confident the more he 's gon na belt the ball anytime he gets up there . Yeah , well , his dad 's not really into working with him , you know because to do that , he 'd have to show up , which he 's just not good at .
What 's going on here ? Jim just taught me how to make the pitcher my bitch . Ah-ah-ah .
Your boy has no skills You schooled by a little girl ( LAUGHING AND SCREAMING )
Higher , higher . Now , remember the stink eye . ( GROWLS )
I 'm sorry . Twenty dollars should cover my half . JEN :
I was at your house the other day and I saw your ex-husband blow off Tyler when he wanted to practice . I know you guys are trying to work it out , but it broke my heart . We 're not working it out .
That 's correct . I 'd like to be a fly on the wall for that one . You could 've told me this on the phone .
You already test-drove it . Perhaps you could consider it a loaner . That would imply you got a car in here for repair .
Could I see him ? We do n't stand on ceremony here . Go right on in .
Yeah . I feel like she 's already past you , and you ca n't get any ... Okay .
I 'm heavy . No , it 's just because he ends up going sideways - and we 're trying to do it ...
Yeah . What happened with the rolling down ? Yeah , with the straight here , front , roll down .
Light cue 14 , go . Another thing I was wondering ... I do n't know if this would be a bother , but because it 's so high-waisted ...
Anyway , my adopted family moved away . I wo n't tell you where they went , but ... get out your pen , ' cause you 're gon na wan na write this down . My biological mom , she was institutionalized .
Do you dream , man ? I interpret dreams ... for a beer . Well , I do n't have any beer , so I guess I 'm out of luck .
I thought he was stabbed in the gut or something . I looked closer and there was something on Justin ... his anns and his face . - And this stuff , it 's alive .
Come on , get in the car . I 'm sorry for everything that 's gon na happen . All the people that are gon na ... explode .
I suppose you just feel regular and the rest of the world seems to go crazy around you . But let 's just suppose that I actually ... I mean , in reality , ran into something from beyond the ...
But then you see this girl with this hand knocking herself in the head for being such a fool , crying so hard she ca n't mostly breathe and all that business like that . And how men are shits , and do n't even trust ' em . Men are mostly shits .
I mean , ' cause it 's getting time to answer Nature 's page , if you know what I mean . The solution is to realize that today 's woman is in an impossible situation and wants what any human being faced with two conflicting sets of responsibilities is gon na want : a way out .
You shitheel ! The hell with it , right ? For science , right ?
From a guy . Whether it sounds Neanderthal or not , I 'm still gon na argue it 's the big one , because the whole question 's become such a mess .
And she , overpowered with erotic attraction , comes towards me . We meet on an exercise mat at the room 's exact center , she , removing the straps of her heavy clothing in a frenzy of sexual mania while my schoolboy 's uniform is removed with a more controlled and amused deliberation , forcing her to wait in an agony of erotic need .
Thank you . Fiona , we got ta go now . You and me , and Gabe .
That boundary is meant to keep memories in . So if a receiver crosses it ... Is that mean the memories get set free ?
... groom 's best friend spoke for many guests when he said , '' Hilary will open Edward 's eyes and round out his life . '' Okay , I 've got a question for you . What 's it like to be the only one committed to work while the rest of us are slumming ?
I 'm making you some fettuccine . It is Christmas Eve , and we are going to sit out on that patio gon na make ourselves a little fire , pop some bubbly and we are gon na celebrate being young and being alive . You with me , Simpkins ?
Fellas I think we should leave these young folks and get back to our bedpans . Okay , Norman , you are calling me for pinochle . - I got your cell , I 'll be in touch .
Take your life back . Take my fucking life back ? Huh ?
Still very active here at the BK projects . Details are sketchy , but here 's what we know . A young African-American man named Allen Daniels was allegedly shot and killed by police .
I do n't give a damn who you are . ... I start thinking , '' We should 've just deaded them motherfuckers on the road . It 'd have been two to one , but so what ?
Yo , Tango . Lem me holla at you for a sec . Yo yo , hold it down .
Hi , it 's me again . Today 's the day when everything goes down . Please let me know .
Yo , these fucking pigs , man . They done clap a little homey , man . Shit crazy right now , boy .
Please , man , I did n't take shit . I got enough money right here to buy you , your family and a Slurpee . He threatened my family .
Now you know this Red . He 's got a few priors , so he 's in our system . What the fuck are you talking about Red ?
So like me , like the time when everybody was face to face , you know ? That 's how I like to do my business ... face to face .
I 'm gon na tell you , you fucking with the wrong one , son . - You do n't know who you fucking with . - Shut the fuck up .
People talk about how great it is to be single and that 's bullshit , joining the single party . It 's not a party , it 's a bunch of people sitting around in the dark , texting . Your complaints about how slow the plowing is going in outer boroughs such as queens and Brooklyn are not falling on deaf ears .
It 's a fine idea , I 'm good . I like teflon , baby , nothing sticks to me . We should totally check out the news though for some updates .
I 'm just saying , I do n't meet a lot of funny people . Okay , funny people do n't drive ambulances . ( Laughing )
Okay . And the channel of communication stays open . Mm-hmm .
My grandmother left it to me . Yup , all style complaints go to her . I see , mm-hmm , sweet .
We 're just messing about , right ? You gon na be all right with that ? It 's very heavy .
Why the fuck would I write on a postcard for Christ 's sake ? - It 's because I chucked you , is n't it ? - What ?
I will have you escorted back to your cell and ... What are they going to do , put me over the fucking table and spank me ? You 'd like that would n't you , you fucking faggot .
Believe you me , Poppy , you are the net . OK , we 're going to do the next left turn . Mirror , signal , manoeuvre .
Yeah . I think I 'm gon na be sick . - Is that it ?
But what are we gon na do ? Where the fuck are the keys ? - I ...
You 're distracted by squirrels , by dogs , by children in the park , by old ladies in surgical stockings , by half-naked men in their gardens . - Oh , well , he was quite fit , was n't he ? - No , he was n't fit , he had a paunch .
Yeah ? We need to help Daddy . Why ?
I 've been stuck in here for fucking hours now . You ai n't got fuck all on me , so let me go . Noel , if you use abusive language to myself or my colleague , or threatening behaviour ,
Alright . Five grand , you can have ' em . Five grand ?
Sorry , guys . Just give us a few secs , yeah ? Seems our guitarist thinks he 's fucking Keith Richards .
I know that you 're not that big . You just looked like it cause I was little . That 's why you came after us .
First things first , Kramer . If you let him go , he 'll give you the money back , okay ? - Please , you do n't have to do this .
# You 'll never get it right cos when you 're laid in bed at night # Watching ... roaches climb the wall # If you called your dad he could stop it all
And they said romance was dead . But it was all that bloody Felix 's fault Right , but that was months ago .
You 're funny , man . Why do n't we take this downstairs , huh ? I 'll take you ...
Thank you . Golly , that does look nice . That looks lovely .
Teddy , Teddy , Teddy . This is the 21st century , mate . You ca n't talk like that any more .
? The dogs on the bus go woof , woof , woof ?
You 're probably right given the coincidence we were talking about . Now , I 'd assume a smart lad like you would n't have announced your intentions to rob Steven Roper all over town , so I also assume the only people who knew about this were you , your three friends and your estranged other half . Now , you 've got to be asking yourself , Harvey , you 've got to be which one sold you out ?
Oh ... 61 years today . That 's pretty good , is n't it , eh ? And you know , never a cross word once .
Kim ! Where the fuck are those girls ? Downstairs .
But ... I do n't think I 'll talk to you later , but at some point , okay ? So I thought we 'd take the B5278 along the west bank of Windermere .
The drug squad needs to fill a certain quota of arrests and seized quantities to prove it 's keeping the streets of England as clean as the Armitage Shanks in Buckingham Palace . By the same token , the criminal needs the drug squad to have the inclination to continue helping them perpetrate Step 3 , so every now and then a big chimp will stitch up a little monkey . I 'm the monkey .
Listen , I 'll see you down there , yeah ? Alright , yeah , I 'll get there , do n't worry . Wait , wait , wait , wait , wait .
And I 'm thinking ... I 'm having none of that . He 's my son .
Mission failed ... Okay , Let 's see how you like it . Hey !
Or if you want to get a bit old school , I 've got just the thing for ya . Cool shit , that .
Younger women because of their life-giving qualities , and older women just ' cause , you know , 'cause you appreciate personality more . I thought we 'd try and avoid the A roads , right , and go up the B6255 to Hawes , right , and then cut down through Oughtershaw , Yockenthwaite , Buckden , down the B6160 through Kettlewell , then the B6265 through Grassington to Pateley Bridge , then up to Ramsgill from there , right ?
What you reckon in this one ? Would you stand and fight , or would you leg it ? Should n't have got to that .
And if he does n't wake up , you 're gon na be in a lot of trouble . And if he does wake up and he 's more convincing than you , you 're still gon na be in a lot of trouble . You 've only been out a matter of weeks , Harvey .
Do you want to fucking join her ? How would you fucking like it ? Fuck !
You swore on my life you were gon na leave this alone . I swore on your life I would n't do anything stupid . This is n't stupid .
We 're not going for a stroll . I 'll buy you a soppy fish if it 's that important to you . It 's not the same , catching something with your own hands .
Hello . Do you wan na join us ? Sure .
She was only 16 ... You 're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off ! That 's Michael Caine .
Her chainsaw ran out of battery . Once you 're inside you got ta work as a unit . Look at his body position .
We still need to sort out the business that we 're dealing with now . I ai n't counting to ten with that guy . He 's fucking dead .
So he , you know , he had to ... 'Cause Coleridge was off on his travels . Could n't cope with the domesticity of life .
`` Get lost , you bloody queer ! '' were my exact words , I believe . Are you saying my brother 's queer ? Are you saying that my brother is a faggot ?
Police told the nurse he were dragged out of a burning lockup . He 'd been locked in and he 'd taken a hiding . - Have they arrested Roper ?
You and Kim , a little double act ? - Email it to your ex ? - Bluey !
So is every other cunt out there with one of these , you feel me ? I got fucking rights , you pig cunts . If you 've got something on me then fucking charge me .
Come on . I 'll drop you and lover boy off . Raph ?
International playboy . Just flew in from ' biza to check out my old mucker , the ' coose . Look , the new crew arrive on Monday .
! Oh , no , I was , I was gon na tell you later . It was a surprise .
How the fuck ... ? I know you wan na show of the old fellow . But we got chance with the other Guvnors here .
How 's Mischa ? She 's in America at the moment , yeah . Oh , we thought she 'd be coming with you .
Playing with you ! Mom 's gon na be pissed with you . It 's your fault !
They are '' Oooh '' . They may be good in a Cadillac on a beach when you 're pissed with your boyfriend , but they 're not suitable for driving . You 're funny .
You asswipe ! I got my fucking meds in there ! Bobby .
I know that Felix would approve . Come on , uh , let 's do this . Uh , Luke , it is , uh , Luke , right ?
What 's this sudden obsession with money ? It 's not like any of us are paupers . Well , El 's father filed for bankruptcy over the summer .
Burnsy ... I do n't give a fuck what his name is ! So what you 're gon na do is , you 're gon na sign them by this weekend .
Nothing , I 'm just ... I 'm just , erm , tired and hung over . Sorry .
Oh , Jesus , Steve . What , do you think I 'm gon na go to Las Vegas and become a prostitute ? beep !
And if you do n't do that , I will make you kill each other . And whomever is left standing , and I wo n't put any money on this prick , I will kill personally myself .
Me neither . - It 's how it is or it all goes tits up . - Do n't know , mate .
What 's your name again , boss ? How good were they , huh ? Yeah , they were amazing .
Sports all over this gaff . Do n't worry about them , I clocked them already . I 'll deal with them .
Marky , get in the car . Marky , get in the fuckin ' car ! ( Heavy breathing )
Well , you know what , grandad ? I 'm a little fucked off with the tone everyone is taking with me in here . I came down ...
She 'll be here somewhere . - Fuck off and find her . - Leave me to my painkillers .
He wo n't end up like the Yorkshire Ripper ! ( Dad ) Why are you so bloody morbid ? - ( Eddie ) Cos I live here !
I do n't know , I was waiting for you . He 's gon na be out and about soon , so ... Let 's do it tonight .
Are you OK ? Oh , yeah , no , I 'm fine but ... my bike 's fucked .
Then I can move back into my old room . You can move back if you can pay us 50 quid a week . 'Tonight , haunted houses , ghost-hunting'and the search for life after death .
After all , you 've had it stuck into you all your life , have n't you ? What the fuck is he talking about ? I 've got a report here from Social Services , Mark , that tells me you 've been in and out of foster care since you were six years old .
I 've got no job , no future . Am I supposed to just fucking swallow it ? No problem , Harvey , mate .
We 've not signed anything yet , so , if you want to tell us something , just say it , man . You 're gon na be massive , boys . Good luck .
What do you think ? Why do n't you do the math , okay ? Honey , it 's okay to be vulnerable sometimes .
Good , ' cause your parents are n't backing down . They want him , and they 're gon na say that you 're not fit to care for him . They want him in a home .
And I see this widow and she 's a wreck . She 's just lost the person she loves the most in this world . And I realized we 're all gon na lose the people we love .
So how are you going to deliver the goods - when somebody called for your ... - I was 10 .
I put a little bit in my hair when I 've had a rough week . What do you think holds it up , slick ? The first quarter of the big game and you wan na toss up a Hail Mary .
... Found her bed empty and the screen on her window removed . Right now , neither of her parents are considered suspects by the authorities , but there is some interest being paid to a neighbor . Thanks , Leslie .
Remember that ? I think I met you , um , our senior year after that game against Drake . You have to remember that one .
I was at her house when her parents brought her home from the hospital and I was there the day she graduated from medical school . Josh I have known since his bar mitzvah which those of you who were there know it was not a very pretty sight . But he has pulled himself together nicely and he 's grown into a remarkable young man himself .
I do n't think you know her . Um , and -- and we 're not together . Hmm .
Believe me . Are you trying to be a salesman or a shyster ? You buy from a shyster , you feel like you got took .
¶ Early in the morning ¶ ¶ Put him in the rain till he gets sober ¶ You still do n't remember me ?
Have y'all been to our church before ? No , but my daddy needs it . Well ... we are all glad that you 're here today .
There 's too many weed mans . Let 's go holler at these hos . How 's moms doing ?
Mellows things out . I pop ' em like candy . I 'm kiddin ' .
It 's the African squat fuck . The old nigger squat fuck . Squat , baby .
And who says I have n't ? [ laughs ] You do n't know your ass from your armpit . You mean elbow , do n't you ?
I just stopped by to tell you that we just do n't have wiggle room for the costumes this year . But you can sow right ? Uh yeah you bet .
You want people to feel like they are really right up in there ? Nose pressed up against the glass . Life 's like a snow globe .
I do n't have any friends here . Well , maybe you should make some . So , uh ...
Come on . I 'm not , I 'm not your wife . And I 'm not your Meg .
Honey we are gon na run the show from the top ok ? Ok I 'll be right there , I 'm just gon na grab an eggnog . Nog it up like I do .
You were kinda in the zone . * Tis the season to be jolly . Fa la la la la la la la la *
[ scrubbing dishes ] I do n't know what your mother is trying to prove . I do n't know why she feels she has to do this .
Bye . Did you just use the L word with Dick ? We said it last night .
That explains a lot . You know , actually I applied to work at Closet Queens but they said there 's already a gorilla filling that position . ( JIM CHUCKLES )
Thank you . - Daddy , I got ta go to the bathroom . - You do ?
`` Chill pills '' ? Why do n't you '' bust a move '' back to 1990 . ( LAUREN LAUGHS )
( PHONE RINGING ) Are you gon na get that ? Hi .
A lot of white people are afraid of black people , wo n't look ' em in the eye . What did you get out of him before the PD shut him up ? He said he was somewhere else but could n't prove it .
Who 'll watch your boys ? It 's Jim 's night with the boys . You do n't want me to be alone .
You need to consider retirement , Valery . I 'm enjoying the hell out of it . Oh , and when you work your way out of all that , one piece of advice for your own good :
You 've talked to your ex-wife every day since your divorce . You 've cut yourself off from her for three weeks . And now you feel responsible for this kid 's death .
If I do n't have their marks slightly right , can that be adjusted ? Like , I 'm worried that they 're gon na end up a little ... - Oh , absolutely .
For this développé , down . And then when you switch , for that pas de chat , can you straighten the left leg so it goes up , switch , and then you hold passe ' ? Okay .
Did you fold that in ? - Yeah , you folded that in . And then do we open this up more ?
Yeah . Because I have less down here , probably . - Do we open up the neckline ?
Okay . I 'm not as part of the dance world as you guys are . Yeah .
If this is okay with you ... Forjust the second one , if it 's okay with you , for here , I 'm not gon na use this arm . Is that okay , that he does n't take this arm ?
What do you want ? - Not big black cocks , so we do n't have that in common . Get the fuck out of my head !
... unseen forces swirling around us , willing to - face down the legions of evil ... - Yes .
Your eyes snap open and the explosion at the end of the dream become the clap of thunder outside of your window . So tell me , man ... am I close ? Holy shit .
Any one of us could be infected or whatever , but we got ta stick together . We 're the good guys here . Right ?
Wait . If you could cross over here so easily , why did n't you just deliver the freaking bomb ? Why us ?
I 'll be glad to , but first I wan na know what happened to my friend John . Well , he 's gone , you know that , right ?
Thus whether or not you move your right arm now or nod your head or choose to eat Fruity Pebbles or Corn Flakes next Thursday morning was all decided at the moment the universe crashed into existence 17 billion years ago . Thus it is physically impossible for you to deviate ... I never finished this thought , as I suddenly realized
Maybe deep down , I 'm such a coward that I ca n't pull away myself , so I somehow force you into doing it . Those are valid , totally understandable questions , sweetie . There 's just one more thing I feel like
Being there and yet not there . The face he wore in the men 's room , he could n't take it off . Six days a week , he stood there ,
Wow . You know , I 'll change when I want to change . It does n't have to be in December , you know ?
You know , that if she was n't lying there , expecting it , wondering , like , evaluating , it would n't even occur to me . You know , and then I get kind of pissed off . I get so pissed off ,
You know that . But for me , I think , for me , it 's your smartness more than anything else . My smartness , Jeff ?
And then I watched her gently close the door and walk off barefoot down the hall and never seeing her again . That it did n't matter that she was fluffy or not terribly bright ... nothing else mattered . She had all of my attention .
I have to tell you about first , though . God , I am terrified to tell you , but I 'm gon na tell you . Can you do me a favor and sort of brace yourself and promise not to react for a few seconds after I tell you ?
But if I 'm really to explain this to you then I have no choice but to be candid . Yes , it was a pickup . Plain and simple .
`` Have faith '' , the giver told me . He said , '' faith , '' that was seeing beyond '' . He compared it to the wind :
That will lead to the boundary of memory . Please stand by for a transmission . I apologize for the intrusion .
And it 's a love affair that 's lasted a lifetime . When I first arrived in Tinseltown there were no cineplexes or multiplexes . No such thing as a Blockbuster or dvd .
You did n't know she was a bad girl . I knew she was n't good . Do you have anything a little bit stronger ?
I remember when nine movies would open in a month . Now a picture has to make a killing the first weekend or they 're dead . This is supposed to be conducive to great work ?
What , you 're here to get your dick sucked ? Yo , somebody get up here and suck my man 's dick so he can get the fuck up outta my spot before I kill him . - Yo , did you hear what the fuck I said ?
I remembered turkey bacon . I know that you do n't eat the swine . All right .
I thought ... I thought that was n't gon na work out . What ?
I 'm not a role model . God knows you 're not , Eddie , but your name came up in the computer , pal . This thing 's been kicked up by two months and all eyes are on it .
Shift of your choice . All you got to do is just get through this one lousy thing . You know , it 's always one more thing with you , Bill .
Hey , get your motherfucking hands off me ! Still very active here at the BK projects . Details are sketchy , but here 's what we know .
Do n't kill me , man . - I can send your ass . Uh-huh , I hope your ass can fly , nigga .
You better stop telling people . We gon na go in the living room and fuck with the PlayStation real quick . Let me see you pop verse two , son .
Your apartment . I 'm warning you though , you 're about to think that I 'm really cool . My buddy made it .
You made your ex come , huh ? Mm-hmm , yep , pretty much all the time . Yeah , that often ?
You understand . Oh yeah , this pee feels so good . ( Exhaling )
You do n't like this song ? Oh , no , I love this song . It 's gon na make me wan na dance .
I just really need to borrow your plunger . It 's kind of an emergency . That would n't happen to be their mailbox , would it ?
Alec . It 's got a '' c '' at the end of it . Yeah .
Look , let 's talk about this . You have the place to yourself , and , boy ... Do you make the most of it .
I need to call the police . Master Justin said he did n't need no help , cocking bugger . Step away from the bed .
You can make jokes while you 're driving , but you will crash and you will die laughing . Well , if you 're going to go , it 's the best way to go , I suppose . - Are you scared of death ?
I 'm not gon na try and talk anyone into anything'cause as far as I 'm concerned , we 've already made a deal . I 'm going home , and anyone who has n't lost their bottle can follow . I 'll see you tonight or I 'll see you around .
Give me one phone call , that 's all I ask Just ... just to give me a fighting chance . I 'm begging you .
7th September , London . I was in fucking Spain , you tossers , three whole weeks . Paul , Paul , you can vouch for me .
Somebody get me out of here . Who 'd have thought that would catch on , eh ? Got an iPhone app with that on it now .
? And there you can jump in the lake ! ?
Climbing gear . - Yeah , just in case we ... - We 're climbing ?
You know what it is , right ? You take your dick , and slap it round a girl 's face . Or a boy 's !
You 're heavier . Oh , my God , Tam , you did it . Are you OK ?
And what is it you got ? A CSCS card , a broken promise and a chip on your fucking shoulder . Such a fucking prick .
But I thought that just maybe the Hautbois family could help out . I sent Felix an email ... very polite ... wondering if , uh , he could talk to his family about refloating my dad 's company . An investment to be clear .
I heard about this . Brought the old ball and chain , what ? Who you calling a ball , dick ?
Do you like it ? And you all got blanked ! Do you like it ?
And up and out and shoulders and out ... and down and out and lovely , Harold , keep going . - That 's a nasty cold , Marie . - A nasty cold .
There 's no need to do it yourself . Ma'am , can I ask you a question , and you can tell me to mind me own business , but erm ... I heard that you requested to be transferred here .
It 's the first Monday in March . Got a meat delivery man who looks fuck all like a meat delivery man and super Steven Roper heading up his welcome wagon . It 's beginning to look a bit like Christmas .
I ca n't do anything when you 're stuck over there , all right ? So get your ass back here . Okay , we 'll do that .
I mean ... I have to ... the consistency is a bit like ... is a bit like snot , but it tastes great . They said it was delicious .
# One night to push and scream ... This is gon na be so cool . # Ten days of perfect tunes , the colours red and blue
# So the salt will spill again , throw it over your shoulder ... # Oi , mate , make yourself useful . Back up , back up .
Which is bad enough , right ? But then she rolls her butt up and down like a steamroller . Tarmac 'd .
Must be further than it looks . Seemed to take you forever to make it over here . Yeah , I think I look good too .
He lost his fucking nut . Ai n't no fucking surprise there , is it ? Anyway , fuck him .
I 'm just saying . Charlie , you 've got a face like a slapped arse . Are you having doubts as well ?
I need to go and get more champagne . I need to go for a piss . - Vodka or gin ?
I was a daydreamer . I used to daydream constantly as a kid , you know , growing up in New York , and I never thought , you know , I 'd ever become a great comedian , you know ?
How 's that gon na help ? It 's gon na make me look good . Impossible .
And you stay the fuck away from me . Sports all over this gaff . Do n't worry about them , I clocked them already .
Are we done yet ? Here 's a guy that 's gon na get away with this shit . When the guvnors was around ...
Sergeant Hicock . Think you got rid of my old man offthat estate ? - Yeah .
Fuck that . [ hoarse ] There 's a few quids ' worth of kit here . Starting to see where all my money goes .
I 'm just gon na ... I 'm just gon na check it out . ALL :
I 'm not Daley shitting Thompson ! - All right , Father , keep your hair on ! Set ?
A pound ? You 'd have more than a pound , you cheeky sod . One pound , 10 pence , then .
Oh . My brother 's got us involved with psychopaths , the girl of my dreams is otherwise engaged and my best mate ... I thought I was your best mate ?
I do n't even know what that means . He 's been learning skills , mate . Skills at the hands of the Bluemaster .
I ... just saw your mom . I thought you guys were gon na wait for me ? You know what ?
Kim . Kim , where 's the fucking motor ? No !
Oh , Jesus Christ . Oh , it 's going to be a bumpy ride to Heaven and back . Get off me !
I can understand that , I really can . OK , so do you need time to think about it or ... ? No , I 'll be quick and I 'll be honest .
I expect you and DS Hicock to attend . The death of your pensioner will have to go on the back burner for a while . Thank you , Linda .
Go on . You fuckers , I swear to God I 'll cut you ! So you 're going to cut me , yeah ?
Rather appropriately , Greg , I 'm in a trough , literally and metaphorically . Yeah , is Mischa with you ? Is she enjoying it ?
She 's dead . Get lost , you bloody queer ! Oops .
Wan na cuddle her , eh ? 50 quid , all in , you can do what you fucking want to her . She wo n't remember a thing .
Yeah . Yes , might have to give you a bloody good spanking . In fact , I was rather hoping
Where has your face gone ? Let 's get the telly on ... Come on , take your coat off .
She wanted us there by four . - She 's going to go nuts . Not much I can do about that .
And a Happy New Year . When a man grows old and his balls grow cold , and the tip of his prick turns blue when it bends in the middle like a one-stringed fiddle , he can tell us a tale or two . What did Father Christmas bring ?
Anyone ever asks you to go on a haggis hunt , be careful what you say . They 've taken you for a fool . Taken you for a fool .
That 's our Steven . Yeah , he 's just trying to be funny . Making a joke , yeah .
The waiter could play it . But how well are you gon na play it ? Very well .
Thanks , but ... no thanks . Oh , are you OK , Jem ? Tell me what 's wrong .
Can I call you back ? Hey , how 's it going , son ? - What are you doing here ?
I saw him earlier on . He blanked me , you know . I had to pay to get in .
I have n't the faintest idea why they scrapped ' em . Tanners and florins and shillings . You do n't know what change you 're getting nowadays .
( Indistinct ) That fucking uncle of yours took a ton of gear off me , and now he 's gon na pay up . We 're going to pay you , man .
Just that there 's been really serious interest . Listen , when are the band gon na go ? Because I 'm getting really fed up now .
Tough titty ! ( Edward ) I do n't want any bloody magic ! ( Teacher ) Ranjit , who in the previous book was called John , has got six marbles .
Hi . - Ooh , ca n't win them all . - Apparently not .
They 've given me morphine . Smackheads are n't as big a set of twats as you might think . I 'm so sorry , Charlie .
I 'm thinking about as well . - So we are n't gon na do nothing ? - No .
Stay in line , yeah ? You girlies would n't get out of line , would you ? No , they 're gon na say the right thing .
! Give me your fucking money , man ! ( Harry breathes heavily )
It 's a girls name . You 'll be the biggest sissy bitch on the wing . What was your mother thinking ?
Well , myself and the missus . You live on your own all your life , then they think it 's a great idea to shove you together with a load of strangers . And what do the mummies on the bus say ?
Have n't you heard of the internet ? Fucking hell , ofcourse you have n't . It 's like a time warp in here .
* But you could leave me standing so tall ... Well , you know , who 's gon na complain ? * You are gold ... ( Harry ) Oh , shit .
That right ? - Yeah , and you know what ? What ?
I thought we 'd go M1 , M6 , come off at junction 31 , and there 's a short drive on the A59 to Clitheroe . From there , it 's a very short hop to Whitewell . And how long will that take ?
... like a naked dead body Keep it real for the people working overtime Because they live off the government dime
I 've had a hell of a day . We 're gon na run 14 miles tomorrow , and then I think we need to start pulling back by Sunday , okay ? Oh , shit .
Great . At least my cum 's got its shit together . Yeah .
You 're in here . Hey , it 's gon na be great . I 'll see you in , what , an hour or so ?
Ah , him . I think that 's his kid Leonard . The diabetic .
Count Chocula . Look , we 've been to a million weddings . And guess what .
I was n't crying like a little girl . Try getting jacked off under the table in front of the family and have some real problems . Jackass .
She ... She 's not in there , all right ? Oome on .
I think that people are gon na like this . I think you 're gon na hear crickets . - I think you 're wrong .
Claire . Your family are totally nuts . - And guess what .
Happy birthday , baby . I 'll make it up to you , I promise . I got to pee .
Yeah , like right there , that would look better . No , I do n't wan na wear this . I do n't wan na be the princess .
Good morning , scrub . Built you a little fort , huh ? - I do n't give a fuck about your fort .
This is where I relax . Take that noise somewhere else . Every time I come out to work in the garden , he goes in the house .
I 'm fine , Jody . You do n't need Daddy to be here for you ? I 'm just trying to take care of you .
I 'm a fucking .... Get the fuck back , nigga . What 's cracking , Mama ?
Get used to it . It 's a fucking great word . It 's a great place to be .
You mean like having an affair ? You mean , like fucking somebody when you 're still married . Like -- like never touching your husband ?
What if you was Yvette and she was you ? What if she fucked around on you took your car and left you at home all day with a baby ? - You 're taking her side .
Yeah , I wo n't hit him . I wo n't sock you , ' cause you got heart . I respect that .
Why do n't you and Yvette get a place together ? Why are you so afraid to grow up and be a man ? Leave the nest .
I waved . You were kinda in the zone . * Tis the season to be jolly .
So maybe it 's time that you realize that you are a little perfect too . Hang on a second that was supposed to be charming was n't it ? A little bit .
I was about to messenger that off . Umm , tickets to cirque du solei for him and his family . Hmm .
That man is looking for his car . Which is all the way out in bumplefudge . That 's my Eric !
I do n't wan na sound like I 'm not happy you 're here . I 'm over the moon you 're here . But uh ... why are you here ?
ANNOUNCER : You got ta really swing the ax hard to get those , uh , hits in deep . - Hi , Jim .
What does that mean ? We used to have gas . But now we 're out .
Wee ! - You 're going the wrong way ! - Watch out , Grandma !
I 'm sorry ! I 'm sorry , I just could n't handle emotional it was getting . I just ...
Okay . She also said you need to increase my allowance to 5 dollars . She 's very generous .
I do n't mean to be a vulture picking on the carcass of your dead relationship . But I wonder if you 'd sell me the vacation you were gon na go on with Freddy Krueger 's sister ? I have been saving and saving .
I was . Got any evidence of foul play ? I do not .
No follow-up , no exit strategy , it 's a rehab mill . I 'm starting to rant , that 's not part of my job description . She 's dead , is n't she ?
Jesse , Cindy was pretty close to bottom . She was busted two months ago on possession of heroin and OxyContin . And prostitution .
Yeah . - Can we give her a five ? - Oh , yeah .
Yeah . No , I almost said something yesterday to them , but I did n't want to , like , overstep my boundaries either . I think if you went and if you could ...
But ... I 'm gon na hook it right now . Are you ready ?
That 's fine . I want to place you guys , but I 'm not sure where yet . Yeah .
And stand by , bridge , to pick up the couple down right ... or down left with cue ten . You 'll come up to half minus . And then stand by , stage right , to switch our dancers here ... or to switch our light walkers .
You know we 'll find out anyway , right ? I 'm not interested in booking a bunch of your raver buddies for popping pills . To somebody like me , dead bodies are what matters .
Whatever . You want to know where your papa really was when you were in hospital with broke leg ? Do you want me to tell you the name of your soulmate ?
My weapons . I 'm not gon na stand by while some white fuzz from another dimension invades our world and infects every last man , woman and child . We 're gon na go through that ghost door and clean house .
Uh , Shelly . John and I are having a bit of a problem here . We 're both seeing completely different versions of you .
We have been awaiting your coming . We have worked very hard for many years , suffered many tragic setbacks in an attempt to find and communicate with your world . Your world , you see , is a twin to our own , dual offspring born of the same litter .
When he came over to her and turned her over , he was crying . And she claimed it took no effort of will to hold him as he wept as he raped her . She just stared into his eyes lovingly the entire time .
I do n't mean any of this in just another Neanderthal male trying to put women down'cause he 's too insecure . And I 'd go to the wall to defend them against any scorn or culpability for a situation which is clearly not their fault . You can go nuts trying to figure out which tack to take .
Yeah , I love to watch them move , and I love how different they all are . I love to hear them giggle , you know , the different little sounds . Yeah .
No , sir , he will not , Because this type 's whole trip is that he 's got to be the one giving the pleasure here . Thank you very much , ma'am .
This is his career . He takes their briefcase and their topcoats , guards them , remembers without asking whose is whose , speaking as little as possible in all those acoustics , appearing at men 's elbows to hand them a towel . This is my father 's career .
And she was what one might call a granola cruncher , a hippie . And she was straight out of central casting : the sandals , flamboyantly long hair , financial support from parents she reviled , and some professed membership in a apostrophe-heavy Eastern religion that I would defy anyone to pronounce correctly .
Now , you want my opinion ? Existence and life break people in all kinds of awful fucking ways all the time . Trust me , I know .
And I know , I know a better guy probably would 've told you about this before we even slept together . What would it be like to be able to be like that ? You see , you think you can imagine it , but you ca n't .
Uh ... nothing . - What do you mean , '' uh ... nothing ? '' You 're receiver of memory .
Yes . Over a simple line in the sand . - I do , I do .
So are you . Attention passengers , this is the final boarding call for British Airways flight 42 . Amanda was n't looking for love but that does n't mean it did n't find her .
Yeah . You know listen , you do n't have to worry about a thing here . Okay ?
Oh , yeah . - They went to the shops . - Did n't see anything .
No , sir . I 'm going home to see my lady . Peace , man .
What the fuck is this , my nigga ? You playing some type of freaky sex game or something ? Hey !
He put candy in his pocket ... Yo , man , why you asking him first , man ? - Just relax .
Judge gave this scumbag a get out of jail free card . We want you to take that card away , but we need evidence . You put him on a deal with our UCs and push it through .
Look at what 's behind you . Better watch where you 're fucking walking , man . - Who the fuck is you talking to ?
Do you understand ? You 're gon na be okay now . I 'm taking you home , all right ?
This motherfucker right here . Fucking ... the whips , the stash , everything , man . We 've got to switch up the whole operation .
That 's you . What , you 're here to get your dick sucked ? Yo , somebody get up here and suck my man 's dick so he can get the fuck up outta my spot before I kill him .
# With punchlines , funny how I fuck dimes # # Bitch , you know I want mine , where 's my fucking money ? #
Okay . You waited for me to undress you , which is unnecessary and also a little weird because I 'm not your mom tucking you into bed . You kept trying to give me hickeys , which nobody likes .
You 're welcome . My only concern is how we 're gon na sugarcoat this when we tell our grandkids how we met . ( Laughing )
Yeah , I thought about that . People talk about how great it is to be single and that 's bullshit , joining the single party . It 's not a party , it 's a bunch of people sitting around in the dark , texting .
Yeah , that 's good . That 's pretty good , you got the hang of that , mm-hmm . Good .
It 's not , um ... It 's not that I stopped wanting to be a doctor . So you do want to be a doctor .
Megan pagano ? You wan na step in the hall with us ? Why ?
We 'll cross that bridge when we come to it . So do you wan na grab breakfast or do you normally just take off ? Normally ?
I spoke to your boss . He 's not my boss , I work for myself . I 'm my own man .
I 'm a busy man . - I just wanted a chat . - What do you want to chat about ?
Is it good this term as well ? Er ... yes , it 's a bit on and off . Is n't it ?
And I hope you 're not expecting me and Chris to do that . We do n't need any of that queer shit . Yeah , that-that-that 's what I 'm saying .
It wo n't go against you . Now fucking get down there . Thanks , Alan .
Have a good night . Listen , cheers for that , by the way . It 's fucking brilliant .
You 're choking her ! Give me the Special K. Give me the Ketamine , man ! - Shall I give him Special K ?
Too fucking right . When the local police sussed his club was so popular because the foreign manager were flooding the dance floor with cut-price Dutch Es , they had a stroll down . - Oh , dear .
One punch . You made my fucking day , Mick . What do you want ?
Listen to that . Maybe if you 'd just told Horsey , right ? Jog on , alright ?
He likes gerunds . And '' your being scared shitless '' , that 's another gerund . - I did n't know you were that way inclined .
You get that coat off quickly . - What time is it , Mummy ? You go on up the stairs and I 'll get you a drink .
I mean , fucking crying , the big fucking girl ! You fucking crybaby doll , get off my fucking fanny ! That was intense .
Ah , whoop ! Oh , look , you 've got three tits ! She 's like you , Zoe .
Oh , okay. `` Welcome to the country , folks . '' - Is it just me or is this a bit spooky ?
( Gunshot ) ( Youth 2 laughing ) This is fucking brilliant ! ( Woman ) Get away !
You have n't seen me play . You 've got ta come tomorrow night for that . Hey , Bobby .
How 's Friday looking for you ? Think you can squeeze me in ? Oh , go on , then .
Absolutely . Okay , it 's just up here , and I looked at all the rooms , and yours is the nicest . Good .
♪ Till the time comes for my dying day ♪ ♪ ' Cause I 'm ready to die ♪ ♪ Please do n't rush your decision ♪
( Man 1 ) Cos you wanted this yesterday , brother . You want to do this shit ? ( Youth ) Let 's go .
He was upstairs in the bedroom . Eleanor was going down on me and ... - Felix was watching us .
I myself am a diagnosed sex addict . - Yeah , well , try cold turkey ! Tried it , mate .
Yeah , you meet all these different kinds of people . I mean , most of ' em work their arses off to get what we just take for granted . Makes you realise you 're not quite as special as you once thought .
Roger ? It 's , er , supper soon , Rog . Oh ...
And my best mate , from back home when I was a kid , Horsey , he 's a top record company boss here now . Tell you what , when he hears my band , he 'll snap ' em right up . 'Cause if there 's one thing I know , it 's music .
All right . I 'm gon na sign the last pan backwards , so you can read it in the mirror . All right !
Think about it . When exactly did Felix string himself up ? The night after the party ?
Railerstreet . Yeah , he is dealing with this one . Cause I got shit with my brother .
Might never happen . Busy Lizzies are doing very well . Beautiful flowers .
I 've just found out . I 'm probably gon na have to batter this lad tomorrow . It 's not ideal , but I do n't a fucking choise .
Human history has been recorded for , what , 3,000 years ? and yet , you know , right now , we 're in a warm period , but there 's gon na be another ice age very soon , in about , say , another 3,000 years , but that 's the blink of an eye . The rocks here were formed 400 million years ago .
What happened to count to ten ? Now we got ta wait for him to wake up . We could be here all day .
It 's some dickhead who could n't give a fuck about smoke on his chest and his mouth shut . They 're not gon na put a task force on it , Harvey . Bollocks to the police , then .
Yeah , sorry , Now is not a good time actually . Yeah yeah , tomorrow is better . Sorry .
Retro novelty angle . People go mad for it . It 's like Polaroid cameras are back in now , big time .
The exterior of the casino will be heavily guarded . I 'm talking about trigger-happy lumps with machine guns . Bring it .
Alright , thanks . Come on babe , you 're just standing here Who was that ?
Must make a nice change from that antifreeze you 've been sucking out of condoms . You ca n't really appreciate a drink you do n't risk your arse out for . - Where 's mine ?
Kids . Get ' em hooked on a free trial and laugh all the way to the bank . [ Harvey ] We went over different scenarios , made lists , eventually came up with a plan .
[ MUSIC PLAYING IN DISTANCE ] Baby , come back , all right ? We 're just ...
I mean ... You barely know her , man . I 've known her 10 hours and I have a better connection .
I could be a pimp . - You ca n't pimp me out . I could pimp that ass out .
MORELLO : Please move up a bit . ADAM :
Yes , I do . Yeah , well ... everything 's exhausting when you 're past 40 . Everything 's exhausting at our age .
I fucking hate you . I fucking hate you , c'mon . C'mon !
It 's me who 'll cop for the extra work . Cos I do sod all around here , do n't I ? You know , sometimes I wish we did go bloody bankrupt !
It 's gon na be something . You 're gon na have to take care of yourself for a while . I know you can do it .
Really ? How bout your genuine Bensonville burger ? How is that one compared to the ...
Seriously , if you say anything she 's just gon na spaz out . Gets packed up by tonight . It 's fine with me .
It 's been hushed up , naturally , 16 generations of French Catholics . Suicide 's about as shameful as it gets , not to menton a faggot cop-out . So why are we here ?
Did you stab him , Noel ? I 'll stab you with my fucking cock . Did you kick him ?
Hello , mate . You spend half your life in that subway scoring and shooting up , or whatever it is you do down there . Come on , mate , tell us what happened .
Oh , really ? So he knows how to talk shit now ? Mate , he 's going to law school .
Did you have a good time with your daddy ? - I did n't feel well , did I , Mummy ? - No .
It 's a bit more complicated then that . Nah , nah , it 's very uncomplicated . He walks out on us .
Shut up God . - Mom , Lucas just said , '' Shut up . '' Do the two of you realise that you 're embarrassing yourselves in front of our new neighbour ?
? Honey , but when you 're near me ?
Yeah ? Well , that is a honey trap for morsels of food . That is an open invitation .
10 ... 9 ... 8 ... 7 ... 6 ... 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... Yeah , yeah , get over it . Truth or Dare , Mr. Gimp ?
Hold that shit . I said hold that shit ! ( Man 2 ) Look at his eyes , bruv .
Babe , babe , I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry , babe , he made me choose . I suppose a date 's out of the question now .
He 's a fucking animal . He 's fucking out of the band , Dix . Jesus !
There 's no other reason . Mummy , can we play dressing up ? Yeah , as long as you do n't make too much mess .
Can whoever has the key take these fucking things off me ? Nobody 's gon na save the planet but you folks , you know that ? You cram 100,000 people together , no music , what do you get ?
( Mouths words ) ( TV ) ' There must be some way we can ... ' ( Loud snap )
We need to get a job . - I could be a pimp . - You ca n't pimp me out .
Come on then , pussy'oles . ( Noel ) Watch my fucking arm , cunt . ( Jean ) You leave him alone .
And you ... I 'm gon na deal with you later , Kenneth . ( Sharon moans )
But know this . You kill me here without facing me on the street ... you 'll be known for what you are ... Scum .
Was it a classic one ? Or did your powers just fuck off , when you took your badge ? It 's usually one of the two .
Sticking it to some old codger . After all , you 've had it stuck into you all your life , have n't you ? What the fuck is he talking about ?
No , sir ! Mr Hector 's stuff 's not meant for the exam ! It 's to make us more rounded human beings .
♪ Then say my goodbyes to you , baby ♪ ♪ Oh , do n't be so shy , little lady ♪ ♪ Maybe , maybe tonight Will be your lucky night , baby ♪
It is only open for another half an hour , and that woman , in all fairness , is probably bereaved . Yeah , but why ... it 's not my fault her husband 's dead . No , but you ...
Because they live off the government dime Stand up for the people of America Stand up for the man next door
He is a pioneer . He lived with his mother till he was 40 . She tried to poison his oatmeal .
Ready to go , buddy ? One of us has got ta lose some weight . And Paris Hilton .
Mom , you 're gon na blow up the house . Look , if the pilot does n't light , you got to turn off the gas . Oh , how am I supposed to know that ?
Stop crying like a little girl . - I was n't crying like a little girl . Try getting jacked off under the table in front of the family and have some real problems .
Really ? Yeah , and , um , it made me sad what happened to him . I was wondering , do you think the world would have been a better place if he had n't been killed ?
[ CLEARY GIBBERING ] Get him all patched up ? I sure did , Daddy .
In the way that you love me I 'm afraid of the thoughts that you 're making Listen ... let 's get together soon .
Hey . Best seats in the house . Yeah , here you go .
What is she doing ? I never know what she 's doing back there. `` Just living the dream . '' Where did you get that girl ?
And pathetic . Yeah , that 's probably the best word to describe it . But you know what ?
I know Gus . The '' Got ta Call Gus '' guy ? He 's very good .
When he was born , I was like , '' Cool . No matter what happens to me I 'll still be here in some way . '' So if something happened to you , what about me ?
Now get up . I like to be at my desk by 8 . If I go 90 on the freeway , I 'll make it .
You ai n't leaving . - Get out of the way . - Stay here !
Are you ... You 're not firing people , are you ? Do n't tell me that I 'm gon na lose my job .
Are you crazy ? I 'm sick of your cheating on me , Jody ! You make me sick !
You ca n't ... Comes out of your nose , you got ta flick it off out of -- out of the pool . That 's what the pros do .
You do n't need to check the folks I deal with . Am I in your business with all the hookers you run with ? No .
Annie , I wan na ... If you wan na communicate with me do it through your lawyer . That 's what we 're supposed to do .
You make me sick . I ca n't stand your black ass ! You act like a little boy instead of a grown man .
There you go blaming yourself again . How many times do you call on the phone about his ass ? Cut him loose .
Fresh roadkill . She gave us what she said was fresh roadkill . Even though it was pumpkin muffins .
You know you love this shit . No , you love this shit . You bet I do .
Look at yourself . How many millionaires you got on ? I count at least three .
Ha ha . I thought that would get you . Now listen , Otto , I 'm gon na send you the e-vite and you come , okay ?
I 'm Looney Toon . - You know who you fucking with ? - So ?
I 'm tired of you messing around on me . I know you and Sweetpea was out doing me wrong . I did n't do nothing .
That 's just life doing that . It 's a figure of speech Meg . Let me do this my way .
Aww I saw the mistletoe you put up ... What mistletoe are you talking about babe ? I did n't put any mistletoe up .
Absolutely baby . It will be just like College . Red and Ginger all over again .
And how am I suppose to ... You want my take on things ? Does it really matter if I do or not ?
Mia why do n't you take your brother home ? I 'll be there in a second . Meg !
Life 's like a snow globe . You got ta shake it up to see the snow . Yoo hoo !
Get him ! Did your dad take you for ice cream on the way home ? - Spank him !
That 's another thing I miss about your mother . She actually thought I was awesome . I think you 're awesome , Daddy .
Your mother , before she left that 's all she would talk about , was me finding somebody else . But I would tell her I ca n't because she 's my one and only . What did Mommy say ?
She was amazing , huh ? Do you want to go get some sushi from the bar ? Whoa , whoa , whoa .
You 'd be lucky to wake up to that every day . My mom is frigging hot . Did you just say your mom was hot ?
Nothing happened with college . After rehab , she went back to school . What about last quarter ?
The divorce was n't your fault . I know something about divorce . You can only do what you can do , Jesse .
Mr . Fish is in . ( keypad beeping , door buzzes and opens ) You 're not going to give me a hard time , Amanda ?
That 's it . Try it one more time . Show the ...
Absolutely . Just because I 'm in such a dead moment . - I 'll , I 'll ... yup .
Go up ... dip . Bring the leg up through to extend out . For you .
If I 'm too close to you when I kick my leg , I do n't ... I wo n't ever get flat . Like , I almost have to give him my ...
I do n't know if I ... If I know all of you , but I 'm Justin Peck . I just want to say that my whole process of choreographing is really , really , really based on the music , and everything I do is about , sort of , like , exposing the details and , like , the complexities and the textures of the orchestra .
Okay , I got another question . Everyone who took the Soy Sauce is either dead or comatose except for me . Probably able to adjust .
In our world , the man survived . Here , Cyrus Rooney was a genius . He continued to experiment in what he called beastiology .
Okay . This thing I got pointed at you ... you know what it does ?
I ca n't leave . There 's still a guy in here with me . Another cop .
She said she could hear the tick of the cooling car , bees , birds . Imagine the temptation to despair in the sound of carefree birds only yards from where you lay breathing in the weeds . And in this heightened state , she said she could feel the psychotic realizing the truth of the situation at the same time she did .
I 'm not getting through . I 'm really starting to freak out . And I know it 's insecure , but it 's very important to me that you believe that I have meant it absolutely every time I told you that I loved you , every time .
You wanted to hear about four drunk guys who knee jerked you in the balls to make you bend over that you did n't even know , that you never saw before , that you never did anything to , that do n't even know your name , that do n't even know your name , to find out you have to choose to have a fucking name . You have no fucking idea !
That 's why . Beautiful people are a dime a dozen . And not ...
It 's like , I always think , you know , `` I would n't even be worried about it if she was n't here . '' It 's like she 's expecting something .
Then he puts his hand over his heart and swears he 's coming back to her , and he 'll be on that plane there with the flight number and time . And she swears she 'll be there with the tits , to meet him . Yeah .
And despite how incredibly magical and ecstatic and right it was ... Can you imagine what it takes to tell you this , that I 'm terrified , that it 's even possible that the pattern of sending out mixed signals and pulling away is just another way of pulling away ? Maybe deep down , I 'm such a coward that I ca n't pull away myself , so I somehow force you into doing it .
Fiona , I need you to do this . I need you to feel what I knows . - Jonas .
We win ! Are n't you my chubby champion ? Which one was heavier ?
You 're right . But you ca n't tell the receiver I told you . You have my word .
Stop what ? If you do n't want to see it , sit down with the other elders , and close your eyes . Ceremony of release to elsewhere .
I was n't expecting you . Well , I was n't expecting you either . Nevertheless , may I just ... ?
I 'll do it . The man is a rock star . Hi !
Oh . They got any leads on that ? Carlo was a grade A asshole .
Damn , man . Brand new fucking shits and got ta step in their piss and all that . - That 's nasty , man .
You want to tell me what I 'm doing here ? You know , when Washington got wind of this dirty cop shooting that grad student , we had to step in . A thing like that , it messes people up .
You managed to come all the way up here and not do one damn bit of police work ! I 'm doing police work , but that does n't mean I go back in the jungle and clean up monkey shit . Hey !
I can send your ass . Uh-huh , I hope your ass can fly , nigga . Do your little ass dirty .
I 'm gon na cut ' em right off . Stop it with the fucking fingers . - Every fucking ...
Do n't take it home . In my book , that 's called a coward . Yeah , well , I 'm not much of a reader either .
It 's just something I need , okay ? I need that shit like water . Can you look at something for me ?
You just like me , nigga . - You just like fucking me ! - Are you done ?
I heard she 's remodeling your house . On a cop 's salary , huh ? You know , a whole lot of cash has passed through your hands over the last two years .
Well , Dave , while we did n't get the white Christmas we were hoping for , mother nature may have a few tricks up her sleeve . We 're getting forecasts of a hurricane-force blizzard coming tonight ... Oh , Megan , right where I left you .
Fine . It better make you funnier . Yeah , smoke that shit .
( Rick on TV ) This storm is literally going to dump all over the tristate area . Three to five feet of snow , maybe more . In the poconos and the catskills , we 're talking up to 12 feet of snow .
His name is William . Well , look , I 'll sign this for William , okay , if ... if my friend and I can go take a look at Dove Cottage . What do you say ?
You 're right , I would have said no . I would have asked you to forget about all this and stay here with me , because this is fucking stupid , Harvey , and dangerous , and I promise you that if you go ahead with this , I will not answer that phone call . It 's your choice .
Just someone I work with . Uh , listen , Marilyn , can you , um ... Make some noise ?
Tammi , please open the door ! What the fuck is going on ? Josh , back up .
Leave it . Bluey did n't chuck the tape . He lied .
I do n't want to be doing shit like this . Cutting up bitches , and shit . But this is my square .
You should n't be going through my stuff ! Are you joking me , mate ? You should n't be going through my stuff , Shell .
Who was interesting ? I met the , um , the editor of Esquire , and he , uh , he 's interested in the story I did about the bikers when I went back home . Does he fancy you ?
You bitch , you 're gon na set me up , are n't you ? - You 're gon na tell him about the fight . - Calm down , Chris .
Yeah , you look nice , yeah . Look a bit like that guy off Top Gear . What , Jeremy Clarkson ?
You want to book yourself a few sessions . I already have , it 's ... er , Monday , is n't it ? - Booked in at ... seven .
And then , yeah . All right , you 're a good bloke . I do n't care what they say about you .
I 'm sorry , Alan . He 's like a disabled bloke from home . Listen , I 've got ...
You know what ? You need to stop reading so much.Trains you little geek . Pizza guy .
Hey , my favourite princess . I was just calling Daddy to see if he can take you to Emily 's party tomorrow . Yay !
Yeah , I miss you . Yeah , I miss you too . Okay , listen , I 'll be back soon , and we 'll have some fun time together , yeah ?
We 're making your deathbeds here , boys . Er , we 've got an ending , sir . Oh !
Well ... Well , you could , but it 'd be a bit rubbish . Probably sell it for about 25 quid in one of the tourist shops around here .
Seems all right ? `` Seems '' being the operative word , mate . This will cheer you up .
Show him what he 's missing . Come on , give us a kiss , huh ? Do n't you fucking touch me !
Leave it . I 'm gon na go call my mum . Today 's the first time we 've spent more than half an hour with each other without a bloody fogey or shitty arse or liquidised bloody carrots in the way for a year .
Fancy meeting you here . I 'm gon na fucking enjoy this . Not too late , am I ?
Yeah , '' fwah . '' Thank you . Someone overheard Nick Stevens at an Endeavor meeting , and someone brought my name up , and he said , '' I wish I 'd gotten hold of Steve Coogan when he was 35 . '' I mean , I was ...
What else we have to do around here ? I think you guys better see this ! Maybe mom did it ?
So let 's get down to brass tacks , shall we ? You pay us 200 grand , or we kill you . End of negotiations .
Otherwise , we ai n't never gon na work again . Yeah , well , maybe I need a new line of work . A new life , maybe .
I were telling you about Dodd catching Charlie doing his bird and how they 've been at each other 's throats since . Oh , yeah , I got a letter from Charlie . You 've got ta laugh , have n't you ?
You two , get over there now ! Do n't even test me , man ! Do not look at me .
I could pimp that ass out . I reckon I 'd get a pound a shot for it . A pound ?
What have you done to her ? - The crazy bitch was gon na kill me . Josh , do n't !
You do n't have to be like this . I want no part of this Malibu Barbie hellscape . That 's it .
Yeah , they 're really good . I do n't give a fuck if they 're any good ! Listen , mate , you 're a shop boy .
Oh , five minutes , tops . Just gon na go in around the back . I 'll be back before you know it .
This is ridiculous . I gave you money to get a proper motor , not this piece of shit . There they are .
The bathroom 's through there . There 's , like , a little study area , and , yeah , it 's all right . Great .
Yeah then what ? Then I 'll fucking kill you . Mitch Raymond use to run a firm called The Guvnors .
Quietly planning . [ Harvey ] We 've got ta be ready to go on the eighth . Two weeks Sunday .
Shall I give him Special K ? - Just give it to him for fucksake ! Here .
Promise me you 'll follow your dreams , 'cause if you do n't , I 'll come back and bastard haunt you , alright ? Alright .
And we are 60 feet from shore . Now , on the shore are our arch nemeses , the barbarian hordes . And we are now 50 feet away from them .
You stay ... Have you thought about what you 're gon na say ... when we get back ? Yeah .
Pull my finger , bro . She aint gon na fight you . - You do n't know , bro .
I 've got you some cash as well . Could n't get much . 50 quid . Brilliant .
What about ? - About fucking the whole thing up . - Christ .
Yes ! Let me get my stuff okay ? Creepy Carl was always talking about the darkness .
In you ? Hard to believe , right , honey ? - '' The Hautbois family own ... ''
[ Harvey ] At the last minute , when it becomes real , you 're gon na have doubts . The line between planning and actually doing it , between fantasy and reality , it 's a hell of a line to cross . But you crossed it ?
She wanted to come home . For God 's sake , Toby , that does n't mean you just bring her back . She was screaming her head off and you were n't answering your phone .
I 'm fucked , Raph . I need 200 grand , or I 'm dead . Two hundred grand ?
Smart arse . But he 's not trying to get you through an exam . ( all ) Ooooh !
I think Creepy Carl was right . It is gon na kill us . - Look at me .
Nothing . It 's if catch on or something . So !
Anyway , enough of this . So , are you gon na ask Anna out this evening ? Jem , I think you 've had enough .
Of course we read . Yeah , no , we do read . Right .
BOBBY : I could fuck the hole in a dolphin 's head . [ MUSIC PLAYING IN DISTANCE ]
# But this half-pint imitation # Put me on the blink # I 've sinned a lot
Stop it . What the hell is going on ? Do you want to tell her ?
So , what happened , son ? You 're chatting shit there , bruv , I do n't know what you 're talking about . ( Sobs )
Oh , that 's good . I 'm gon na cut to the chase . I spoke to your mum .
I got ta go , OK ? - Horse , have a pint with me , son . - I do n't drink any more , Dix .
I think she 's very pretty . - Do you think Brian fancied her ? - I do n't know .
`` Samuel Peet- not dead , only sleeping . '' He 's gon na be pissed off when he wakes up . This is going to bring my piles down .
You know from Llanelli . - They were all Brummies * , moved down . - No , I do n't .
Who gives a fuck if he is ? Noel Winters is a cunt . His dad was a cunt .
Here , bruv , take it . Marky , light him up , man . ( Marky ) Get that shit up , bruv .
You have restarted a relationship . So now you 've just got ta decide where you 're gon na take your life . I have n't given it much thought .
Because I 'm knackered , that 's why . Because you ca n't be arsed to get here on time to look after your child . - Go away , George .
Or coffee shop owners for that matter . Harvey 's not a smack dealer , but he did time for it . Listen , somebody does this stuff , so it can be done .
Needs some help picking it up . Think you can the piss ? Sean .
No . Well , actually I 'm studying the Grandmasters . This was a game between Fischer and Spassky in Reykjavik , in 1 972 .
It 's a grandfather clock . You 've got to give them the patter , otherwise they 'll latch on to you . - What 's patter ?
I just made all that shit up , for my own reasons . No one 's ever fucked with me like that , you get me ? I 'm fucking sick of this .
It 's what you said , Chris. `` Truth or Dare , bitch ! '' It 's what you said to Felix ! What are you trying to say ?
Hiya . An oasis of calm in here , mad out there . Gorgeous day for it , though , innit ?
My number 's on there . OK , I 'll get someone to give you a call . - Brilliant .
Has to have what she wants when she wants it . Well , we had to give her a Sweet 16 on her 13th birthday . You remember that .
Look at her. `` Just living the dream , '' I love that . I will have some meatloaf .
Where you going ? To look out for someone . Shit .
They were being dropped somewhere over France . His chute was damaged by enemy fire , and he lost control and landed on the roof of a house in the middle of the country . I guess he got injured somehow ,
It 's like a pigsty . - It 's like a mosh pit in here . Listen , I 'm getting married .
Thank you . Thank you so much , officer . I will totally be more careful from now on .
I got us down for 17 of them already . Okay , how many are cash bars ? Great question , love where your head 's at , and two of them actually are .
If anything , it 's indicative of your early entrepreneurial spirit . Your parents should have encouraged it . Right .
She cried , Otto . She really does n't want to come over here . What are you talking about ?
Believe me , as much as you 're thinking about Yvette she 's thinking about you too . Stop telling girls you want a baby while you 're doing it . They believe your lying ass .
My life ... is my own . Richard is a wonderful man and father . You do n't fucking know him ... okay ?
When it was on me , it was World War III . But since Mr. Melvin ' fessed up to it , it 's all good ? See how you is , Mama ?
Yeah . Do you think I could still block you at the rim ? Can you still jump ?
Baby , come on . Just take it easy , okay ? Just get in .
I 'm stunned like you said . Yeah , well , I do n't wan na scare you too badly but divorce is hands down the worst thing I ever went through my entire life . Really ?
I thought about things and ... I was just freaking out or something in the mountains . I run a little hot and cold .
You do n't believe me ? Mama , why did this happen to daddy ? Why do these things always happen to daddy ?
What the hell is he looking at ? Trying to psych me out , talking about being a killer . Old-school nigga .
I got ta go . No no no you got ta wait a minute . A said anonymous .
Umm . [ Lowers voice ] Can you pay , Toyland Toyland . Everyone we are here at mayor Eric 's house to celebrate Christmas time .
She 'll never get out of bed if you keep bringing food to her . You know , you 're turning her into a zombie . Who 's a zombie ?
I sound like a dying cow . I was like * Woooo woooo [ Laughing ] [ Meg Mooing ]
It has to be . This time you 've bitten off more than you can chew . I can handle it .
Davey , come on , we got ta go . I ca n't find my flats . [ dresser door squeaks open ]
Wow . - A cave with a view . - Yeah .
EDDY : Are you my sexy little wormhole ? GINGER :
All right . Let 's see what we have in the magic bag here . Oh .
Is your boy okay ? Why does he wear a bra ? She 's a girl .
Come on , you like that . - Oh , it hurts so good . - Sorry .
He 's some guy named Dale . Uh , he 'll be pitching to you . Yeah , in cricket we do n't pitch , we bowl .
I had a very nice time with them too . ( BOTH CHUCKLING THEN MONKEY GIBBERING ) There she is .
No . Asking me if I was okay , that was a start . ( SINGING ) They are blending
I am asking you a question . Your client 's gon na get convicted , and he 's gon na get sentenced to the maximum . If you can cast reasonable doubt as to his whereabouts , why would n't you let him speak ?
Of course I remember his name . Cynthia met him in rehab ; his name was Val .
When are you going to get your head out of your ass and think ? Do you want to know who she was ? I do not .
It should always be , like , sometimes Amar , he gets a little tired at ... you know , after the pas de deux , when he finishes here ... Oh , yeah .
I thought the one ... the silent one-two-three , we 're going to this . His six that he 's counting is our sixth six .
Before the boys ' dance starts . Ster , in that pirouette , it 's a pancake moment . Yeah , Sterling and Amar , there 's just always this weird ...
What happened with the rolling down ? Yeah , with the straight here , front , roll down . Oh .
Maybe like that , yeah . So they 're splayed a little more . - Okay .
I mean , we 're used to wearing really hot , uncomfortable costumes , and this will be nothing compared to some ... Like , we wear Firebird monster costumes . - I love them .
I was a little late . Just make sure this saute ' , after we do this turn , the fourth ... - Justin .
Right ? Fred , why do n't you go down to the highway and flag down a car ? Yes .
You did this to me . You killed me , you son of a bitch ! - Look at your body , Arnie .
I 'll try to explain this without cursing , but the black shit from Planet X that came out from that motherfucker looked like it had grown hair . Did I mention that the stuff was moving ? Twitching ?
Like if you hooked your car radio up to one of those interplanetary SETI antennas , you just get shit from all over the place . You can see things you should n't be able to . And you 've still got some of this stuff ?
Let 's go back inside . Your story was more interesting . You 're gon na die , Arnie .
They 're not even in the same type of game that we 're talking about here . No , what we 're talking about here is your basic secondary type of fella , the fella that thinks he 's a great lover , your sensitive male smoothie type . Now , what they 're into is a woman 's pleasure .
I get so pissed off , I do n't give a shit anymore , '' Can I , or can I not ? '' I just want to show her up .
No , but really , that 's one of the stages of the thing , of using the Asset . There 's always a lot of girls around , you know , back there at the foundry there , at the ... on the lanes . And Jackpot ...
She drops , crying , slapping the carpet , bent over so you can , you know , just about see her tits , totally hysterical , with the waterworks and all that business like that there . Another cheery welcome to Dayton for your fucking cold calls. `` Hey , we 'd like to welcome you to Dayton . ''
I 'm not interested in discussing any further some paper that exemplifies some pent-up , overdeveloped teen angst . I 'm impressed my paper got to you like that . Daniel , I do n't think you understand .
Disappointment . What was the elders decision ? - Release to elsewhere .
That I 'd see her again . And that I held a future there in my arms . The giver had led us here .
I think I need some peace and quiet or whatever it is people go away for . You know what I really wan na do ? I wan na eat carbs without wanting to kill myself .
I know , but ... You know , I try , but ... Believe me .
And I am deeply sorry about that . I have nothing to say for myself other than I must be temporarily nuts right now . Olivia .
I mean , why torture me ? Just put me out of my misery . - What are we doing here ... ?
Maggie ! - Why do I always fall for the bad girl ? - You did n't know she was a bad girl .
Of that , I am an expert .. Most love stories are about people who fall in love with each other . But what about the rest of us ?
Then you found out he was shagging that drip from Circulation . Which is when I stopped shagging him . We should n't be talking about this at the office party .
Take a step back . - Get the fuck outta here . - I 'm gon na ask you one more time ...
It 's not going to rehab clinics . That money is not going to junkies to help with their families . It sure as shit is not going to us , 'cause I have n't had a raise in four years , all right ?
You know what I 'm saying ? Cats would be mouthing off to him , he 'd just , you know , keep his head down a little bit under the eye of the motherfucker like this . All of a sudden ...
Oh , well , look . They carried one and one walked away , nigga . The one you see standing in front of you right now on his own two .
He said y'all motherfuckers moving some weight . Oh , yeah , B . Bringing that shit in 90 % pure . Step on that shit like Gregory Hines , man .
Yeah , everything 's fine . We 're gon na work this out . I 'm gon na go check his ID .
This a monster right now . We clearing like 50 thou ' a day . Oh . 50 . 50 ?
The Columbians ... the Columbians ? And I 'm just a connect . What you think they gon na do to me ?
That money is not going to junkies to help with their families . It sure as shit is not going to us , 'cause I have n't had a raise in four years , all right ? They got millions of dollars sitting in an office waiting to get shoveled to the city 's excess fund , and you know what that is .
Now you go see the psych doctor for two weeks . And you might 've ... you might 've fucked yourself out of detective . No he did n't .
You made me proud . - Sal , you look like shit . - Take some vitamins , G .
And we should figure that out , maybe ... Maybe we hang out and we realize we do n't like each other . Maybe you 're very intimidated by my dancing , or maybe I find out you 're like ...
( Wind whistling ) Holy shit , that is a lot of snow ! Hmm .
Montauk ... Bing -- bing -- binghamton , new paltz . Uh , new paltz .
Uh , definitely was . You made your ex come , huh ? Mm-hmm , yep , pretty much all the time .
Tour ? What is she , like -- she 's a dj . Of course .
No , it was not . What the fuck are you talking about ? It was .
Okay , yeah , you do this thing where you stand up from the bed and you kind of turn halfway around and then you get undressed as fast as you can all at once and it 's like you 're getting ready for a physical or something . I have never had any complaints about how rapidly I undress .
They 're lovely . - Yeah , well , they 're all right . - Oh , he 's kicking .
I do n't ! I 've got some jerk locked up in the Jersey Prison . Because he likes to get drunk every nite .
That 's very funny . Yeah , there 's been none of that on the trip . No , none of that .
An oasis of calm in here , mad out there . Gorgeous day for it , though , innit ? Never been in here before .
Yeah . Will be a regular occurrence , chopping and changing ? - Sorry , Scott .
Not at all . You 're standing in front of a business with a busted door holding a crow bar . You 're fucked , Harvey .
! I 'm pissing against the wind . I 'm drenching my mackintosh .
I 'm just saying is all . - You know she chucked me , right ? Yeah , I heard .
Do you want me to deal with it ? Your man 's coming round to buy weight any time now and I do n't wan na deal with him . If I do n't call in 10 minutes , you know the drill .
There 's another box in the back of the truck . Honey , if you would get it please ? This one ?
These people want to sign your fucking band . The Prems are gon na be massive . You 're trending on Twitter .
It 's kinda like ... My mom always assure that the next move is gon na be the last one . Type of thing ... you know ?
What is it ? - I 'm gon na be 28 next month . - Yeah , I know .
I 'll tell you why ! Because history 's not such a frolic for women as it is for men . Why should it be ?
Like you 're handcuffed to some girl . Some crazy dude handcuffed us while we were praying . I do n't know .
You wanted Felix to name names . We were the last people to piss him off . But it does n't justify his suicide .
I want to do mainstream movies . Well , the Farrelly brothers want to work with you , okay ? The Scotts , Tony and Ridley , they want to do a movie together .
Was the money and heroin in Roper 's office the only thing tying him to the drugs and the robbery ? - His fingerprints were on ' em . - And how did they get there ?
If I do n't call in 10 minutes , you know the drill . Come on , Charlie , for fuck 's sake . Dodd , you rip out the wires at 11 : 14 .
OK ... Shoulda seen your brother , man . He rounded them kittens up .
You still go on dates , do you ? Yeah , if I want to pick my ... what I do is ,
Am I clear ? Go and get the fucking cassette . All of you .
We do n't have the van to break in through the front door any more , so the only option is to come in from the river . We wait for George to turn up with the ram-van . No .
Stop talking shit , Paul . What you reckon in this one ? Would you stand and fight , or would you leg it ?
I thought you 'd been taken to the big house . Fucking drive before they change their mind . Everyone all right ?
It 's nice . It 's not as big as yours , but , yeah . Great .
Body pan beginning with R. MARK : Okay , see you all in a minute . Hi there .
I 'm going to go and have a hot shower . You want to check whether that 's OK with our guests ? So you want to shoot me now ?
OK . So , listen , just enjoy it , OK ? Just enjoy it .
Mmm . We 'll speak to the organ grinder , not the monkeys . Your job 's done .
Who ? He made a speciality of sour-faced judges and vinegary schoolmasters . - Who would I be played by ?
It 's not a '' job '' job . Like I say , the guy I do deliveries for owes me a bit of money . That 's all .
It 's a long way to go to find out , Demps . - It 's a fucking ferry ride away , mate . - No , this is our home .
We 're playing a little midnight basketball . but I think Lucas is too scared of the whoopdown I 'm gon na give em . Oh !
possession of a deadly weapon ? It 's how it goes , innit ? These days you need protection on the roads .
Josh , mate ... Mate , mate , mate , mate , mate , mate , mate , mate ... Do n't take that one !
Hey ! And it 's gon na kill you . Okay .
Go on , make a wish . - Quick , before that senile old bat ! ( MUSIC : '' Come on , Eileen '' )
You keep in lane , all right ? You take responsibility for other drivers and for yourself and you keep in lane , OK ? This is a roundabout .
Do you want the truth , Justin ? Your brother was a creep . - No , that 's not true !
Nothing . We just kinda hung out . How 's the new job ?
It has as much of an identity as Wales . Are you seriously saying that you think the North of England ... hang on ... a stronger identity than Wales ? Yeah ... yes .
I know you wan na show of the old fellow . But we got chance with the other Guvnors here . I 'll send a little message of to him first .
I said hold that shit ! ( Man 2 ) Look at his eyes , bruv . Look at his eyes .
This is the 21st century , mate . You ca n't talk like that any more . Anyway , you Cockneys love a bit of that , do n't ya ?
Can I ask you what you 're offering ? I 'm offering half a mill up front for five albums . Plus , I will break your band in every known territory on Earth .
Man , I left you alone for one night , that 's all ! Yeah , well , a lot can happen in one night , ca n't it ? Where is he now ?
Why are we portioning her some of the money , then ? Because I think she 's full of shit . I spoke to her for five minutes when we went to pick up pizza last night .
Somebody get me out of here . Who 'd have thought that would catch on , eh ? Got an iPhone app with that on it now .
Someone had the balls and the stupidity to rip me off . I will leave them with the stupidity , but I will cut their balls off . We did get sight of them , but they ...
Tell him I know where you live . Now open your fucking mouth . - No .
Of course . You know you 're not in trouble , do n't you , Nick ? - Yeah .
Besides , it 's not open anyway . Yeah ... the weather 's a little bipolar , as you can see . But other than that it 's not that bad here .
What ? You think I 'd shaft the ' coose ? - I 'd never ...
Come here ! ( Officer 3 ) Get on the fucking floor ! ( Officer 4 ) Show me your hands !
How many people are you gon na offend ? I 'm fine Are you okay ? What 's the matter with you ?
No , look , it 's not how it sounds . You swore on my life you were gon na leave this alone . I swore on your life I would n't do anything stupid .
It 's none of your business . What do you mean it 's none of my business ? Please do n't call .
And get the fucking camera out of my face . Yo , chill , man , what did I do ? What did you do ?
You what ? Candace is gon na kick your ass . No , you ca n't tell her .
Why am I saying this ? 'Cause I ai n't your fucking boy , Chris ! And get the fucking camera out of my face .
Playing ball . Sticking my dick in some high school pussy . Do n't lie , Chris , man .
You know , as good as they can be . Hey , honestly ... this town sucks , Sean . So why do n't you go somewhere ?
You wan na bet ? - Yeah , I wan na bet if Sean was there , that shit would n't have happened . You 'd have my back , right , Sean ?
♪ What 's the sort of deal , what 's to fight for ♪ ♪ I wrote about every sight sore ♪ ♪ So I need a reason to write more ♪
Sit down , man sit down . Will you please sit down ? I said I do n't wan na sit down !
Hey , Sean ! I just do n't give a fuck . Subtitles by LeapinLar
Yo , come on , man , it ai n't like that . Yeah , fuck it is like that , Chris . Look at me .
I hope he dies . You wan na smoke or what ? All right , give me a hit first .
' Cause I 'm telling you that is exactly what 'll happen if you go around saying those kind of things to people , come on ! 'Cause I 'm only telling you for your own good ! Now have you got it ?
Come on , man . All right , I want you , man . Y'all two can roll with my man Marcus .
You straight-up pussy . How come every time shit goes down , you manage to be somewhere else , Chris ? - Huh ?
♪ And quit music regardless of how good it sounds ♪ ♪ Just concentrate on my nine to five ♪ ♪ Finally get that promotion
Thank you for waiting , really . Can I talk to you for a second ? It 's not a great day .
Get every financial bit of information you can on Brunson . I 'll be burning the midnight oil on this one , John , so I 'll be up in a second . WALTER :
Come here . Let 's go somewhere and fuck . ♪
My girl here 's got no teeth . The fuck kind of fucked-up party was this ? Who did that to her ?
I sleep like a baby . I do n't get you , Devereaux . I 'm the one you want .
Men are pigs . If it makes you feel any better , I keep a shotgun in my bedroom closet .
They 're gon na think a sick perv committed suicide . Before he did , he ran into the house , and you shotgunned your two boys as they slept in their beds . Then ... you raped and shot your own daughter in her sweet little face .
It 's not an obsession . I 'm not so sure I wan na do it either . I 'm scared too .
Come on , I 'm serious . This is a gutsy thing you 're doing here . It just ...
He came over for takeout once . You talked about the Stones . Oh , God .
Keep him talking . - Why do n't you come in , we 'll talk about it . No .
Or they could be using this as a relay point . A big mama sat in that chair . I 'm gon na have to say there 's nobody here , Nic .
You have tennis . You 're gon na be doing that , which is its own thing . - Look how young Dad looks .
She 's not gorgeous , but she 's cute . You have plenty of time to sleep with gorgeous women . Goddamn it !
We got him ! Are you guys being serious right now ? Well , you 're driving in morning , so good night .
You think Don and she did it ? - I do n't wan na think about it . - Imagine Don 's dick in Mom 's mouth .
Hi , there . Ambassador , I 'm gon na need your clothes . We believe there may be an attempt on your life this morning .
Damn you , Aaron . Fuck you and a big , fat stick . Damn you , Beth .
But you took those diamonds and you ran out on me . Ca n't we call it even ? We 're in Europe , like we planned .
But there 's no reason we should n't do this , too . Nomad hacking into MIT is one thing , but Haley 's computer ? No , but it 's crazy not to go after this guy .
You design it , build it and compete with it . When the semester is finished , would you like 20 year olds cope - as Jesus did before he was 30
From what ? Is it your heart talking or your head ? It 's me talking .
He said , '' You ai n't my daughter . Now get the fuck out of my sight . And when I ... ''
We lack only two , so we can officially appoint Perkins ' biggest dick . It is not the greatest , only the longest . - Shut up !
Yeah , but I do n't want to go . Everyone 's going to be sucking up to Hobbs , uh ... You know , if they 're really thinking about cutting your column , you better go .
How could you stand there watching little balls spin round and round when there are world problems that need solving ? You are the most selfish person I 've ever met . Now you listen to me , Miss Glick .
I see Demetrius . He just not gon na make it , because he landed on his back like that . [ Porter ] Hey , little man .
Yes . But make one little slip and the money goes to the dogs . So you might as well just give up right now .
I 'm not going to play Game Night with some spider woman you found in the gutter . Carol is not a spider woman that I found in the gutter , Joe . She 's a very nice lady who happens to like me .
Joe ? Can I talk to you for a second ? - You made this ?
I just ... I just ca n't lose her . Mayo or mustard ?
I , uh , came here actually to invite you to dinner . Uh , sort of like a ... a housewarming thing .
That 's the sound I hear whenever she speaks . Just the gibberish of an undisciplined animal . It 's never going to end .
Yeah , the Beatles . Daddy , where does the sky end ? Why does the moon follow me home ?
JOE : All I 'm saying is that if anything was missing from all of this it 'd be a woman 's touch . We have Biaggio . ( laughs )
I 'll allow it . Then every child who rages ... because they did n't get to stay up ... that extra hour to watch TV -- Any child who said they hated their parents ... because they did n't want a bath ... would be a prime candidate for foster care ?
If you ca n't say something nice about somebody , come stand next to me . The mayor 's wife and she does n't even bother to put on Spanx . Looks like two pigs fighting under a blanket .
I bet she already knows . Why are you being a party pooper ? She 's coming now .
It 's gon na curl right up . Do n't your mama look pretty ? Look at your mama .
She kept asking , '' What is Jackson gon na say ? '' He said , '' Shelby , do n't be stupid . '' `` There 's plenty of kids who need good homes . ''
I can imagine what you 're thinking ... but I ask you this -- What parent in their right mind ... seeing their child 's pain , their yearning for contact ... would n't take them in an effort to comfort them ? You need to understand ... something very important about the father --
I did n't mean ... I know you want me to be happy . It 's what you always said , to me , to Jonathan , to Tommy .
I think it gets easier for women When all that male bullshit is over . Oh , really ?
I can go ... at least another nine rounds . But you got ta let me in . Please .
Why not ? - ' Cause you 're a grown man . You should n't be cleaning your own floors .
On all the songs , we can get rid of Eric , 'Cause he 's just giving Sherry fits . Then I wo n't have to pay two salaries .
Or , you know , making love . And when I say '' making love , '' I mean missionary fucking . No doggie .
So what kind of stuff are you going to ask ? I want to talk about your record , Never Knew Your Names ,
I have to be in court in eight minutes with the Kresges . But good luck to you . Do n't give up .
# That 's what I got # You turn the heat on me # Some like it hot
a fucking drink ? - Yo , the Don mad anxious tonight . - Fuck you !
# It 's such a good vibration # It 's such a sweet sensation # Subtitle :
Yes ? - Yeah , so that 's like zero for the week . Other than that , I did have sex out of wedlock one time , but it was different , it was n't just sex , it was like ...
I 'm probably somewhere on the Asperger 's spectrum . That 's probably a little closer to it . All right , you ready ?
I prefer alcoholics to junkies . Alcoholics are more in touch . How do you figure ?
Not that low ! I know , some guys love eating pussy , but the thing about those guys is , they 're fucking crazy . Do n't get me wrong ,
It 's cool . Hey , I 'm gon na take off . Want a ride ?
A nice handful , I love it , but more than that , it 's like no ! Shit starts to remind me of my mom or something . - Jesus Christ .
Why bother with porn when you can have the real thing ? Nah , see , it 's not the same thing . I mean , real pussy 's all good , but , no offense ...
This sound gets me hard as a fucking rock . But I do n't like to go too fast right off the bat . I 'd rather work my way into it , nice and easy .
Then who are you ? One likes to know who 's on the other side . We 're on the same side .
Dave went home with Kate last night . They were making out on the street . That 's bullshit .
And if she does finally decide to do you the big favor she 's in a fucking hurry . Now , when it comes to the actual fucking ... First of all , condoms are terrible .
She was a dealer ? She works out of the crib not too far from here , if you know what I mean . [ Speaks spanish ]
♪ Passed the guitar ♪ And said '' I battered my car right now ♪ ♪ Wo n't you please give me your chair ? '' ♪
Come on . - Unit 8 , what 's your 20 ? Yeah , yeah , yeah , we have -- We have an officer down .
They were like obsessed with that whole world . Dealers , addicts , different kinds of drugs . They told me they work with the DEA .
Now you 've got the tin to prove it . I want you to know it 's an honor having a decorated veteran on my crew . I mean that .
My mom took me to the hospital but never came back to check me up . So , I guess she thought that if she left me there , they 'll put me with a really nice family . Little does she know .
No , no . No , you guys are fine . I was just coming to hang out .
And your hash all over the wall . Take it easy now , tj . East village plumbing supply .
Please , please , man . I 've got way more important things to do than worrying about all that y2k bullshit . How ironical .
No . Still carrying a couple of slugs in his back . I got an even better one .
I just wan na talk to you . Give me your mother fucking bag ! Give me that !
Okay , okay , okay . All right , look , we got 51 minutes to stash this money and then get jacked . Let 's go .
It 's love . - That son of a bitch . - Lot of slow dancing , making out , tongue .
Of course , that does n't mean anything to you . Because love does n't exist , right ? It 's just , '' magical comfort food for the weak and uneducated '' ?
So we 're on our own ? Well then , who 's gon na stop this guy Cortez ? This is on the feds .
I just did that for you . I 'm cleaning my plate for the main course . [ LAUGHING ]
This is a top secret operation . In 45 seconds , we 'll move a prisoner to Federal Death Row . That prisoner is Gabriel Cortez .
I have to give you your maid-of-honour gift . Remember that guy I was telling you about , Brad ? No , no .
Yes ? I really did n't mean to knock that table over back there . I-I just- I do n't know what happened .
Afternoon , Ray . - Do you have a permit for that monster ? - Yeah , right here .
We got a positive ID . A silver-grey metallic ZR1 headed southbound on US 95 . Hostage is visible inside the vehicle .
The Flemish Cap ? Why do n't we steam to Portugal while we 're at it ? So this is the moment of truth .
All right . Just please keep it down . How you doing , sweet pea ?
You trying to put a charge up my ass ? You 're on a cold streak . I 'm encouraging you to catch fish .
# And the beats that go boom # # See the music I consume to escape the doom and gloom # # All the beats and melodies # # that keep realities at bay #
We 're turning around . Come on , cap , we can do it . What about our catch ?
I do n't know her name . I met her the other night . She-she has really big blonde hair .
It 's always about the money . Well , I got a divorce lawyer , a mountain of debt . And there 's your two kids .
I 'll key the elevator for you . Tony , this was not an ace Parmesan from Froman 's ... Tony , this was more like a pepperino from Scarsdale ...
I miss you too , buddy . I miss you so damn much . What 'd you say your name was again ?
You want to come with me . I want to come with you , but I do n't want to be a fisherman . You know , buddy one of these days your mom 's gon na find you a new dad .
This is rescue 2-3- 1 on final approach . Rescue 2-3- 1 , flight deck is green . There it is .
`` Two butterflies ... went out at noon ... '' `` And waltzed above a stream ... '' `` Then stepped straight through the firmament ... and rested on a beam . ''
Bob Dole says his TV commercials for Viagra wo n't hurt his wife 's campaign for President . He also says the Viagra commercials wo n't hurt his campaign to nail Heather Locklear . The dick drug !
I do n't know . You meet thousands of people , and none of them really touch you . And then you meet one person , and your life is changed forever .
Are you fucking filming it ? Do you do , like , close-ups and shit ? Who holds it ?
So , you should get ready , 'cause I 'm in pajamas . I 'm having second thoughts , Jamie . I have n't been to a pajama party since 4th grade .
As long as its source-streaming site is a ghost it 's untraceable . This guy can invite the world to help him kill Miller or anybody and there 's not a goddamn thing we can do about it . Excuse me .
Okay , let 's see . You 're in the middle of a gaper 's block . You should be past the accident in about 100 yards .
This is Air One . We have a visua/ of the suspect . Southbound on Vincent Thomas Bridge .
Snake ! Get this thing off me ! Snake !
It 's not her . Got ta be a neighbor somebody close by , someone who could access her wireless router . Sharon Dobbs lives here .
I ai n't got nothin ' but time , baby . Oh , man , we 're gon na be here all night , man . Look !
Just ... Well , you know , I think you can thank your big brother . I think he just took your place under the guillotine .
Wait . What I 'm tryin ' to tell you is , there ai n't no Volvos here . Then get in your book , do something .
That 's where my father 's body fell over the railing . Some websites show the whole thing in slow motion because it 's just so much better that way . One archives it in a section called '' whoa . ''
You 're new , are n't you ? - Yeah , how can you tell ? - Now , listen , son .
There 's a Cutlass 442 in the back . We can strip down and shine the hood . What do you say ?
Okay . - I did n't mess with your money . - Yes , ma'am .
See a journalist get his head cut off . When did the world go so fucking insane ? You 've been working the streets too long .
Not all bad , though . Funeral will be on the telly . Everybody out there pressed and dressed .
What 's up , narc ? Not only was I the school 's most famous DUFF , I was now the least-liked person in it .
Hell , yes . Ride on , Josephine Ride on Ride on , Josephine Ride on
Raymond Calitri is going down for murder one , boneheads . Who gives a shit about grand theft auto ? Really .
Fine , own it . Be the best weirdo you can be . You have spent the last month worrying so much about what other people think about you .
Mm-hmm . I 'm getting my masters in June . Not if I talk to your professors and they agree to flunk you .
Come on , science jokes . Know how they say , '' The hills have eyes '' ? Well , it turns out the shrubs have bitches
Are your ... ? - Are your parents gon na get divorced ? - God , I hope so .
Easy . All right , do n't get cocky . Today was only day one .
See ? She gets her info , he gets to talk to a hot senior . Even got a little action .
I 'd kill you before I 'd kill this dog , you sick old fuck . I 'm gon na reach over and break your neck . Do I get the money then or just another ten years ?
You used to just be BTRO 's little bro . Now I feel like we bro 's , for reals . I 'm glad you came back , man .
So , check it . Me and BLT think you been doing real good . Ya 'll lookir double serious with this training and yo ass smokir bitches at Trailer Henge r shit .
I want to drive . - Get the fuck over there . My daddy paid for this truck anyway .
187 . 187 . Then leave the FP and never come back . You was just a chump bitch .
No . I heard he hooked up with Michelle . No , he did not !
Yo , yo , yo . You dull blozers rollir tonight ? Shit .
`` Beat-Beat Revelation '' match , bitch ! And when I win ya 'll going to take your black asses and walk back across that 248 and never come back to the FP ever again . And what if I win ?
You have 60 seconds to decide . What is more dear to you , bitch ? Your eyesight or your beauty ?
So you building a sand castle or what you got going on there ? No , I 'm looking for a rag . My dad spent all of our money on booze .
Oh my God . I was plastered as all tits . L ...
Who 's shithole you crawl out of , bitch ? I did n't touch her , man . I 'm just leaving .
Looks like we 're at an impasse : So how ' bout you and I just figure this out Where did you get that ?
Walk it back ! Do n't let their shit put your brain on flips ! You got to think of '' Beat-Beat Revelation ''
Hi , hottie : I did n't think you were gon na make it : How 'd you get past the goon squad ?
Welcome to the -- Oh , uh , this is size four : Is that gon na be too small for you ? Kidding !
And we goir to settle this shit for true life . A one on one , three round , `` Beat-Beat Revelation '' match , bitch !
Yeah , I got a gun , motherfucker . This bitch done cheat my ass for the last time , Mother Nigga ! Get out of here now !
Put your arm around me . I live in a tent and so do you . Yo , JTRO .
BTRO would 've stood strong . BTRO would n't have let his FP sink to the dogs . You do n't know shit about BTRO .
.. Knock me down It 's all in vain .. .. I get right back on my feet again .. .. Hit me with your best shot ..
. I really have to pee Really , really have to pee .. Check :
.... [ Continues ] .. Get crazy The heat is on .. .. Get crazy Crazy , crazy , crazy ....
.... [ Ends ] Welcome , ladies and gents of all ages : Feast you eyes on a '' cheergasm '' like no man : has seen before :
Whittier , do n't you know is nature 's Prozac ? Do you really think the sun about giving up the most important thing No , but I 'm out of real Prozac , so you 're
[ Scoffs ] Well , if that 's not the pot calling the kettle blond : Ohh !
White , stay back ! This ai n't worth killing for . You seem to think it is .
His fruit was sweet to my taste . His left hand is under my head , and his right hand doth embrace me . Behold , thou art fair , my love .
The way the sort of , the environment was just fucked up . And the colour and , sort of , vibrancy of the countryside ..... was destroyed . And within a couple of years , and Thatcher , ..... there were just , was just this kind of urbanisation .
You 've just disqualified yourself without breaking any rules . He wo n't kick you out , but you 're dead in the water , honey . Dead in the water .
One of you has taken it ! One of you has fucking taken it ! This is n't funny !
Apart from your grossly insensitive sexual and racial stereotyping ? If you 're the sensitive type , you should n't be here , love . I 'll take Brown over Gandhi , we 're talking about something that matters .
All of a sudden , when you get that big , there was n't any . You 'll get three gigs in the country out of Oasis . That 's where we fill in the gaps , because they could n't get to see ' em .
) '' And , er , and , yeah , Liam ends up on the cover ..... with a nipple on his head , looking like a fuckin ' baby 's bottle . With his fuckin ' missus .
I 'm no good at this . - No , you just need a little tweaking , a little Lance adjustment , but that 's another story . Alright now , Gloria .
* It 's coming at you , baby * It 's coming at you , baby * It 's getting loud *
What I had to . I should punch your lights out ! - Black , what did you do ?
Yeah , overdose . Kind of had it coming . [ man ] What the fuck do you mean , he ca n't get blood out of a stone ?
I 'm not fucking kidding . - You need to lift your shirt up . - Get the fuck off me !
What if it reveals the question too ? They 're not gon na make it that easy . How hard can they afford to make it ?
I was fucking shot at ! And now that cunt , he wants to fucking kill me ! I 'm gon na fucking go and get what I 've earned , I 'm gon na get back with Katie and go and get the fuck out of this fucking shit .
I mean , why send us you ? Why not send us someone they fucking liked ? As it is , you 're useless worthless , and there 's no need for you to be here any more .
No . You 're dead right , it 's not . Come on .
You out of your fucking mind , mate ? Well , if you change your mind , you know where I am . Thanks for the offer .
We 'd have had the money however it sold . 300 grand to the penny . - Your go .
Be a bit smart here , mate . If you 're gon na disappear , you 've got ta do it quickly . And if you 're gon na fuck off , you may as well be hung for a sheep as a lamb .
And you can go fuck yourselves if you think you 're getting it back . - Do you know who you 're fucking with ? - I know exactly who I 'm fucking with .
Listen , do n't be a cunt , all right ? There is no fucking point in you keeping your mouth shut . I know it all , all right ?
Would you like some tuscan salad ? Six months ago , Lily informed me that she was dropping out of law school , leaving her fiance , and moving into this ... Arrangement .
No comment . - Listen , do n't be a cunt , all right ? There is no fucking point in you keeping your mouth shut .
This is a young person 's paradise . I do n't want to go around bonking everything that moves . Forget about the sex .
♪ I struggle with the words ♪ ' cause you take my breath away ♪ take my breath away- ♪ tell me what you 're thinking
[ speak French ] In fact , ask them what the fucking score is on the football match I should be at . Do you know the football score for tonight ?
If you do n't , I ca n't make her talk to you . She should n't have ignored you for six months . And she should n't have lied to me .
And Errol was a fucking psycho , you get me ? Jones is gon na fuck my little brother up , you know . My family did n't come to this country , for this shit .
♪ It 's been boring for ages ♪ ♪ Now I 'm turning a page ♪ ♪ And let 's be clear , I dumped you first ♪
♪ ♪ Just me for you and you for me ... ♪ ♪ hello ... And would you like a cup o ' tea too mate ? Nothing closer to my heart than a good cup of British char .
Mr. Peterson . Now let 's not play silly buggers , eh ? ( play the fool )
You ... You ... are finally going to get what you always wanted . What you know about what I fucking want ?
I just want to know when my trial is . And when I head back to the slammer . Right ?
They 're fucking loonies , arent they ? I had to get out somehow . This was no hotel I wanted to stay at anymore .
Well , why not ? 'Cause you 're already better than anyone there . 'Cause if any of the teachers at this college had a fifth of your talent , they would n't even be there .
♪ I am in the singer in the band ♪ ♪ You 're the loser ♪ ♪ I wo n't dismiss you out of hand ♪
You 'll die in your dreams If I jerk the handle jerk the handle You 'll thrill me and thrill me and thrill me ...
To Lebanon . That 's where she wanted to go . - Bullshit .
Look love ... Nobody gives a toss about Charlton Heston , the man 's a cunt . You 're more the Charles Bronson type .
Are you fucking deaf ? Give me your fucking money , man ! Mr. Brown , DI Frampton .
She 's gone . And there ai n't nothing you can do about it . Is she dead ?
If there 's no movement , I 'll go in . It was Dan 's idea , to the bloke . Dan , I need you to take care of that thing for me , alright ?
Sharing my issues ? Like how I hate wobbling about like a twat , how I 've started to lose control of my bladder and it wo n't be Mung before I lose control of my arse and start to shit myself . So , be careful , 'cause I could go at any second .
It will spoil the surprise . Am I going to go too ? Are you going to get me some tickets ?
Yo , yo , T. Get the pipe out , blood . Are you ready to become a man , blood ?
She 's gone to the station . Do you wan na fetch her back ? Yeah .
Come on , every copper . Get out of my way . Hey you !
Shining your fucking shoes ? Where I 'm from , someone comes for you , you need to be tooled up or they 're going to fucking merc you . So is that what happened , Carl ?
They pushed dog shit through my letter box . One of ' em spat in my face . They call me ...
Yeah , maybe we should cut there . Me and Louise were just talking about how stupid you are . He 's got a screw loose .
How 's George ? Have n't seen her for ages . She 's a handful , but she 's great .
You 'll not forget me . You have killed thousands of my brothers and sisters . That much death has a consequence you will pay for with your blood .
I 've got career responsibilities . More importantly , in half an hour , the cabby gets here . What shall we do with the time ?
I wanted to cook something for you to say thank you for looking after me . And , erm , I 've got something in here . Just to brighten the place up a bit and to say thank you .
You should take me out , then . You do n't fuck me any more . James .
I hardly ever think about those days . Uni feels like another life to me . What you doing ?
Cheers . When you were wee , me and your dad used to take you to the ... What you saying ?
Thanks . - Now come , we need to talk , huh ? - Yep .
Just like a dog , they throw you a bone . But keep you on a leash , ah ? You know the type of Muslim I 'm talking about .
Could you leave , please ? What are you fucking looking at ? Fuck you !
Look . Would you call them dignified human beings , hmm ? They 're just having fun .
I 'll heal myself . I prayed for you last night . Yeah , well , it did n't fucking work .
♪ Finds it hard some days to dress ♪ Stevie smashed the delf ♪ Cos he ca n't express himself
Go ! Let me just talk to you , man . I said let me talk to you !
She was diabetic . She was always a big girl , but she would not stop eating the shit that was killing her . In the end , they cut off her legs .
It 's not because I do n't want you there , but because ... Just give me a bit of space , okay ? ( vocalists vocalizing )
Had this naive faith in people . Would forgive anyone for anything . Used to drive me fucking nuts .
Oh , and her stomach contents turned up half a pint of whelks . Talk to her mate Valerie . See if she 's been holding back .
It 's all the bad things , son . All the stuff that 's gon na rot in my fucking head ! Oi , fuckhead .
King of Kings 'Look on my works , ye mighty , and despair ! '' I 'm afraid do n't ...
You 're a child of God . God ai n't my fucking daddy . My daddy was a cunt , but he knew he was a cunt .
Why are you here , Dr. Hill ? You some kind of buddy of Luis Borgos ? - Who 's he ?
Hello . Can I just talk to you a sec ? It 's last chance today .
Now , want the names and addresses of the men you pimped them to . Listen , sonny Jim , you want to watch your mouth . Do n't know who you think you are coming in here with talk like that , but wo n't have it .
No gumption . First sign of bother , it 's off back home to mummy , tail between . Mmm , no hard feelings .
And the cops and the lawyers knew this ? Maybe the cops and the lawyers got overzealous themselves . What 's this got to do with Darius ?
And as she 's dragging that one out , she sees a cop , so she yells , '' Help me ! '' But the cop just walks away . So she shouts , '' Hey , where are you going ? ''
Why use the knife ? 'Cause I wanted to get close to them . I wanted to stab them close .
He 's gon na start crying . Give him a chance , man . Allow me , man .
We 'll just leave now and you can pay me back . You can have a grand for me by tomorrow , yeah ? We 'll do that then , yeah ?
Where you been , girl ? Oi , what are you two doing back together ? Come on , man , she 's my baby girl .
♪ Stays downstairs in the cellar with Trev ♪ While Kirby 's upstairs Giving Janet her meds ♪ At least that 's what they told Chris Still he ai n't that dumb
Get off me ! What the fuck is wrong with you ? !
Nobody . So that 's why I did that Brit slut . I did n't know anything about her age or a damn camera .
That 's why you 're so angry , mate ! Who are you talking to , mate ? Carry on , cunt !
Hey- Have you got the weed ? Ooh !
It 's a consolation for losing . And I know you 're gon na say that that sounds really mean and that I should just look on the bright side and try really hard . ... Listen , Lisa ... he wo n't reject you , you know .
Maybe still do . But that '' what if '' possibility is pretty damn intriguing , is n't it ? Cough and a spit that way- Mexico .
♪ Bitches sucking cocks for them rocks Yeah , they 're real low ♪ Prozzies on the corner With their fuckin ' high heels on ♪ Pick ' em up , drop ' em off Yeah , they ride real strong
Fucking slag ! Settle the fuck down , all right ? Right , now you , get the fuck upstairs and get the baby !
I was n't gon na let her do that . What about the kids , Darius ? What did they do ?
♪ He says , '' I know about the other girl How the fuck do you think I found you ? ♪ '' And I know you 're fuckin ' lying So say your prayers now '' ♪ You fucked with the wrong gangster And now you 've got ta pay
♪ On second thoughts do n't You do n't wan na get mugged ♪ Oh , shit , too late that was kinda dumb Whose idea was that ... stupid ♪ He 's got some front Ai n't we all
Professional ethics cost a fucking fortune . ♪ A deal to you you 'll never forget ♪ ♪ I 'm a love machine ♪
Funny , innit ? You 'll be laughing the other side of your fuckin ' ugly mush ... soon enough . Yeah ?
♪ Dealers on speed dial Suckin ' all their papers ♪ Still on the same number That they 've had for fuckin ' ages ♪ SIM card so old the logo 's fucking faded
She took someone 's phone . - She never done nothin ' to you ! - Bruv-
Okay . Have it your own way ... you dozy cunt . Keys ?
You fucking smarten yourselves up . - You taking the fucking piss , Skinny ? - What ?
If you ca n't pay it off , you 're gon na work it off . Hey , yo , big man , send the white boy for him , yeah ? Mug !
leave her alone she is a fucking kid you fucking cunt oi you two , get fucking digging leave her alone- shut up leave her alone Chub get a fucking move on
♪ All ' round town , people tryin ' to get down ♪ ♪ What you gon na do , baby ? It 's on you ♪
Dick ! You come near me again ... I 'll bite your fucking heart out .
Exactly what I tell you to do . Do n't try and use your initiative'cause you ai n't fucking got any . You fucking smarten yourselves up .
get out come on move , move - Allright i am fucking moving what have they got them for ?
get in Please Derek , let 's get in the back with you , right ? get in the fucking boot !
yeah ... ok allright Chub , get them upstairs wait for me , wait for me to tell what to do up , both of you , now fucking up , get her up Kelly - Keeelllyyy
Maybe not in matching Samsonites , but sooner or later , friends and foes , mothers and fathers , brothers and sisters , even me and you are all gon na get packed up . Yeah , but it do n't seem right . What do you want to do ?
what you doing ? i 'm playing it 's fucking freezing , you 'll catch pneumonia what took you so long ?
go on , fucking sicko , are n't you she 's a little kid ca n't you fucking shut up ? !
251 goals in 274 starts . I 'd like to see Don- fucking - Revie do that , eh ?
YOU ONLY CUT YOUR HEAD . HOW DID YOU GET BLOOD ALL OVER YOUR SHIRT ? I DO N'T KNOW , I WAS UNCONSCIOUS .
Loyal to big daddy Don . For God 's sake , go to sleep , man . Where 's your dignity ?
`` I apologise ... unreservedly ... for being a twat . '' - I apologise for being a twat ... - Unreservedly .
Hey . - Wan na see your Auntie Lily ? - Yeah .
I used to get spending money and stuff . I used to be in the park drinking with all the lads . I had short back and sides .
Cos they used to get , like , moved . Erm , like , we were moved about a bit , really , as kids . Erm ...
It 's over , mate . They 're never gon na take us back . Not now .
We won the league , Pete . We 're top dogs in Derby now , Longson ca n't stand it . - That 's the problem .
Julie , if it 's a girl , or Lorraine . And Jason or Christopher if it 's a lad . I 'm glad we got away from that dump .
Kathy said , '' Why ai n't she crying ? '' Cos if it had been her with her kids and , like , I said , if it were Nicole , if my child died , I 'd be in , I 'd be in total meltdown .
Well , you ai n't having it here , so what are you going to do ? Do n't worry about this , OK ? I 've been thinking .
You do n't lie . If you write about something that 's happened , you 're not gon na lie and say , '' It did n't happen , '' when it did all the time . The Arbor by Andrea Dunbar .
Basically it went from , erm , dope , to acid and then all the lads on the estate were having mad turns . They used to hang round in a big gang where they used to go to the woods and pick magic mushrooms and all that . So that were , like , all the acid scene .
I woke up and he never did . I remember sitting on a caravan step just crying , just like , erm , what can you do ? You could n't ...
Eddie ... The thing is , Dean , a cunt without a hole is a useless cunt . You just gon na leave the bodies here ?
Bye . I 'll chop your wrists off if you thieve from me , you little tyke ! Come on !
Where is she ? Back in London town , innit ? Do you trust her ?
( TV on ) Course they 're out if you go round , but now we 've got money , ai n't we ? Mum , do n't spend it all , there 's things I need , Mum !
You gon na put some make-up on or what ? It 's a real turn-off , darling . Yeah , I was just gon na .
Alice told me with a smile , the kind of smile that only comes from knowing that a job 's been well done , that Shawcross and Son ... had been her life 's work . J * DURUFLE :
Only if it was me . Bruv , ai n't nobody hitting on my girl , yeah . Leroy see to that , you get me ?
We 've gone into business . That does n't give us the right to determine another man 's fate . Man is gon na die from the moment he leaves his mother 's womb .
I certainly hope so . And thou opposed , being of no woman born , Yet will I try the last .
It 's perfect . Yeah , but McTavish is not the full shilling , is he ? The last thing I want to do is get into bed with that man .
It wo n't go ! - Gon na have to break his back . - What ?
Cheap foreign workers . This country is screwed up . And nobody cares .
Doctor Knox , sir , y-you yourself complimented us on account of its ... freshness , sir . Quite the salesman , are n't you , uh , Mr. Hare ? Could you make it 5 pounds 10 shillings ?
I 'm a sports reporter , not Carl fucking Bernstein . But because it means so much to you , lover man , I think I know a man who can . 'We are here today'to honour the dead and to pray for their families and friends .
'Murder me with bombs and I will only build myself again and stronger . ' I 'm too stupid to know better . ' `` ' The Sun '' says you are an evil monster , but I do n't believe in evil .
Maybe if you was a man instead of a yout in a man 's body you would know that . Hey , blood , I will spark your girl ... - Jay , do n't chat ...
I wan na hear you . I wan na hear you beg like Trife did . If that 's what you want , blood .
I 've got to meet Jon and Vern at the shop . You 're one lazy cow , do you know that ? I 'll go and get it and them , then I 'll come back and get you , yeah ?
I did n't know what I was gon na do today , I just wanted to get out . But this guy attacked me and he 's saying people are gon na hurt my family . I wan na tell you that if you know who 's involved , I do n't want any more trouble .
I 'm fine . So what you act like tings is gon na run for then back out ? It 's just ...
I remember that one chick . - I went back to her house , bruv . - What happened ?
See this ? Some fucker done that to me . You 're all right .
I got it last night . I 'll give you six for both tings . What ?
I do n't want that . I done my fucking time . - What 'd you come to me for ?
That man there should be sharing the wealth , man . Yeah , I 'm on it still . - Me and you , Dabs , yeah ?
Desmond , or Buds , or whatever you wan na call yourself , I 'm not gon na be made to look a fool in front of these people . Yeah .
All right , I want you , man . Y'all two can roll with my man Marcus . He 's nice .
Gone from an ass to sir ? - Sir Ass ai n't got nothin ' to say to your ass . - Walter , Walter .
Zero record of violence . His mother comes to visit him every week , together with his girlfriend . I 'm not a snitch .
Just in case what ? Just in case I wan na shoot somebody . Hold up , hold up , hold up !
She says hi . She looks like she might actually ... make good . I guess I probably helped with that .
Yo , wake up , kid . Wake the fuck up , man . - Yo , Nikki , Nikki .
You already said that . Yeah , I know , but this shit ca n't happen between us , all right ? So just let it go .
What the fuck , Sabrina ? You ca n't be doing this shit in front of my girl . - I just wanted to talk .
Bonnie . What the hell 's going on back there ? My brother got into a fight , and Mason shot off a gun .
Which makes you soft . It means you used to getting away with shit . Here , you throw an elbow at another inmate , we got a problem .
You motherfucker . Where the fuck is the gun , man ? Shit !
You know my situation . You know what 's up , so stop pretending . And another thing , do not under any circumstance try to come to my sister 's party tonight .
Kid can kick up some fuckin ' dust . I got ta take a piss . Yeah , you go do that .
Walter , do n't you ... - This how you stop a woman . Hey , bitch !
Yeah . I just got really fucking high . Me too .
No . I 'm trying to fly straight this time . Do things right .
Just like you 're not disconnected - and cold , and stiff , and uptight . - Hold on a second .
I 'm so sorry . And I called you an ass . I 'm Lindsey .
I 'm tired of you fucking dick-riding me , man . Always following me around and shit . I already got a fucking shadow .
About 20 years ago he got it declassified and went public . Company went through the roof . A little help from affirmative action , because it was very necessary .
Then tell me . It 's none of your business . What do you mean it 's none of my business ?
Now , about helping out around the farm , what exactly does that mean ? This is gon na be tight . It 's gon na be like having a big sister around .
No . I just did n't think you 'd hook up with him . It 's not like I planned it .
So this is it , you know ? Okay , knock around back at 11 : 00 , ask for Jerry . Tell him Denise said it was okay for you to stay .
Clean . You would n't even be in here if your girlfriend had n't sold you out . Jesus Christ .
What ? You like it rough like that ? Well , come on now .
Fuck you . - You like being on top ? Working your way up the ladder ?
All the time . It 'd be so dang easy . Just run off someplace new where no one knows you .
I do n't like it . Call off the Op , we do n't have the coverage . We 're not calling this Op .
Here 's how it works . He gets to show off his teenage arm candy to his boys . And we get to have a good time on his dime .
What about Sophie ? - Lf I can lose it to Lili , I 'll do it . I mean , I bet she 's great in bed .
Did you take your shirt off for Nelson Barton ? - I do n't wan na talk about it , Walt . - It 's important .
Yeah . Well , I have n't finished teaching you yet , son . Yet here I am about to take you down all the same .
So I call . I go , and she ai n't there . I got ta go and smack Cathy around to find out where the fuck she actually went to .
You know I 'm getting real tired of cleaning up after your ass . Just wait till Daddy hears about this . What the hell ?
No . I 'd like you to come to my house . - Is n't it Mom 's night ?
Be still and shut the hell up . Fuckin ' pigs ' teeth were easier than this shit . Why is she doing this ?
Damn , Daddy . This shit smells so awful . Well , tell you what .
Where is she now ? Waiting for her father to pick her up from boarding school . - Lucy ?
Haley ! Get off the goddamn truck ! - Get away !
He tagged you , I had to hit him ! What the hell was I supposed to do ? Learn to take orders .
Ivan , you wan na hit a little ? I got a few minutes . Frank , you and Carl hang out .
Try to go for a walk on pharmacy and ask for some stomach-regulating . I knew you would make fun of me . I will not hurt you , but you 're 14 !
It takes enough a while . Now you 're stuck with me . It does not matter .
16 centimeters . There are certain a bit above average . Next week we see who has the biggest balls !
Okay , guy. `` We 're going to expose you at DEF CON , `` so you better watch your back . ''
And nobody say one word about these glasses . I look awful in ' em , do n't I ? Shut up !
I 'm sorry to interrupt , but do you know how long it is until the gas station ? Oh , it 's just up a ways . Okay .
You 're not like the rest of the wolves . You should not set limits in my home . I do not want to lose her .
I may seem like a male chauvinist , - - But if you get to know me , I am an ok guy . Great .
Dog home ? Look , I 'll do anything for that money . No dog is gon na get its paws on it .
I know she was . - [ Porter ] Sounds like a nut . - She was n't .
Hello ! This will just take a minute . Oh , no .
Go away . Do n't mince words with me , Joe . We 've been through too much .
Mm , first you must answer me three questions . Jesus , come on , Simon , let me in . I really have to pee .
She 's an innocent party . You do n't have to shoot him either . I know where it is .
Shelby , cooperate , please . Just drink the juice , baby . M'LYNN :
Well , he used to love it , you know , when it was , like , the four of us . You 're kind of shitting on his memories , Dad . Well , what am I supposed to do , Heather ?
Oh , shh , shh , shh ! I ai n't gon na tell them you pregnant . ( COLLECTIVE GASPS )
HEATHER : Oh , babe , I do n't think it 's ... ♪ Casey would waltz ♪ ♪ With the strawberry blonde ♪
Let me go get your daughter . Everybody behave Like a gentleman ... because Lucy 's gon na come out here ... and first impressions are very important . You never even came !
Guess . I do not play games , little girl . Remember Owen Jenkins ?
that 's my dream . Oh , it 's good to see a pretty girl at the starting gate just as I 'm crossing the finish line . There are still good times ahead , Miss Clairee !
You 're like ... Jesus , you 're like a cancer ! ( insects chirping )
You look like hammered doodoo . Do n't talk to me like that . Okay , okay .
( POP MUSIC PLAYING ) Now where is the other thing you were talking about , cuppa , cuppa , cuppa ? No , this one 's kind of mauve , do n't you think ?
`` kill our own food , build our own shelter and be our own men . '' All right , we need cool names for everything . Like , awesome , mythical names .
You know ... critics and fools said that that song ... had some mysterious meaning , but John always said ... it came from a picture his son Julian drew ... of his friend Lucy O'Connell . So I made a good choice ? You made An excellent choice , Sam .
Whoo ! You look right chipper this morning , Ouiser . What , you run over a small child or something ?
To that Tom Verlaine guitar on eBay ? I think it went , like , 30 grand or something . What 's eBay ?
Mm-hmm . Those wontons are too big , my friend . Everybody loves those .
Just talk to me . Get the fuck outta here . Now fuck off , man .
I 'm just saying ... - Jon , movies and porno are different ! - They give awards for movies !
Forgive me , Father , for I have sinned . It has been one week - since my last confession .
At least I got a face now to put on the assholes That screwed up her life . And you not only screwed up her life ,
That 's sick ... - But , baby , I 'm telling you ... - Do n't call me that !
But you 're going to sleep with me , are n't you ? Let 's give you a cover . It 's going to be okay .
Oh ! That 's the sweetest thing I ever heard anybody say . - And does she love you ?
That might be good . I got three little kids . Okay .
Tell me your sins . Since last Sunday I did not have sexual relations out of wedlock . I did kiss a girl , this one girl , out of wedlock , several times , but it 's just kissing .
But , from down here , there 's nothing good about this . And if she does finally decide to do you the big favor she 's in a fucking hurry . Now , when it comes to the actual fucking ...
One more question , then I 'll drive you back . - You ever jerk off without porn ? - What do you mean ?
♪ Lady Luck , she is lovely ♪ Lady Luck , she is free ♪ But I wish sometimes that Lady Luck ♪
How about , '' I 'm sorry I have more sex with that thing than I do with my girlfriend '' ? First of all , everybody watches porn , OK ? All guys .
Boing ! Come on , not my fucking beer ! Oh , that 's an expert beer-tasting technique .
On the one hand , you go there when you go there . On the other hand , it 's really fucked up to keep it hidden , right ? That 's what became clear to me when you startled me .
And I probably was n't paying attention . You have lost every hand . You are down $ 1,000 .
You caught me . You gave the cops a different address , did n't you ? That 's why they never put you across the street from leila .
Open out there . - Hey , you got a second , Top ? - What is it , Hackett ?
You know , the money I was going to use to get out . This guy I know , he 's gon na put me in some Internet start-up , sells shoes on line or some bullshit . It was our future , and I did n't want to give it to them .
But I did n't want us to all go down for his mistake . We got ta clean this up . If we keep our cool , this thing could still work .
Right . Do I know you , Peter ? Yeah , I was at a meeting few weeks ago .
Know what I 'm saying ? Now , 50 keys at 20 a key You know the score .
Baines , stop that . You want the cops smelling booze on you ? - Come on , put it away .
I was wrong . This guy did n't know a fucking thing . Uncuff him .
I 'm going up to the roof . I 'm gon na try to get a signal . Okay ?
BO Y 1 : Okay , it has been too long . BO Y 2 :
lf you 're not going to take pictures it 's the least you can do . - Who the hell is this guy ? - Who 's that ?
He so does n't want to talk to you . He looks like Duran Duran , both of them . Look , it 's me .
Yeah , I got his priority load . - Keep your eyes open out there . - Open out there .
Come on , you 're my brother . You 're funny , you 're articulate , you 're smart . - True , true and true .
So , um , when do you catch your flight ? Pauli , you know where I come out on all this , buddy . To me , marriage is an archaic and oppressive institution that should a been abolished years ago .
Right now I 'm just a guy out for a nice drive . So much for blowing him up . Shut the fuck up !
You were smart , you were popular , you were a great athlete . I mean hell , you had a full ride through college . Had you not gotten yourself kicked off the track team .
Are you still as good a shot as you used to be ? Muscle memory lasts a long time . Frank , I 've seen you start a lot of things you did n't finish .
Connor . - Look , just tell him to go screw himself . - Yeah , I said , tell him to go screw himself .
Coming up on the Arizona border . - He 'll be on top of you soon . - Copy that .
Why would I ... ? Mind if I cut in ? You know , it makes me happy .
So I tried to hit you . I should have hit you the fuck harder . That 's such bullshit !
I 'll drive ole Henrietta here . You have stupid names for all your shit ? Only the shit I love .
Is it Christmas ? No , it 's Saturday , you moron . That 's the day of my brother 's wedding .
What in God 's name happened to my car ? Next time do n't park it in the fire zone . Schmuck .
But that day never came . And then I got the news that she passed away . I never got the chance to- to tell her I was sorry .
Good to see you . Can someone tell me what two-thirds of my force is doing out here firing rockets at a slab of beef ? Afternoon , Ray .
No ! We stay below and ride this thing out . Remember , this is my boat !
Are we gon na let it spoil ? I thought we were gon na set the market , make a killing . Or we say the hell with it .
The fog 's just lifting . You throw off your bow line , throw off your stern . You head out the South Channel past Rocky Neck , Ten Pound Island past Niles Pond , where I skated as a kid .
What 's special about today that you 're blowing smoke up my ass ? I thought I 'd make a pass . You see , I 'm looking for a guy to come home to Maine with me buy a house and raise kids .
I think they 're good . I do n't mean to be nosy or anything , but what 's a man like you doing at this hour passed out in a diner ? I had a really hard day .
I 'll be right up here . The job ai n't hard enough without this knucklehead . Let 's go .
# Hey , where you going # # # The woman is the way # # Would n't try to bite # # when she calls your name #
Twenty-two and never been kissed . No , I do n't buy that . Happy Birthday , Charlotte .
I prefer , Uncle . Do you think we should break this off ? Afraid you might feel something ?
It 's a woman ! You are what she would call a '' typical '' . - Really ?
You 're early , are n't you ? In this soup , you 're better safe than sorry . - Will Keane ?
The profession was ruined when they let women in . I 'm killing both of you . I 'm killing all of you if you do n't get in there and sit down .
Damn ! Accepted etiquette is one rep at a time . Screw etiquette .
I 'll see you at the office . Okay , I 'll show you what I got then . Okay .
And they 're pissed off and they 're tired of being marginalized . Oh , my God , they are so cool ! I feel good .
You always bring donuts ? Pharma sales is a lot like dating . They want you to take them to dinner and pretend to expect nothing in return .
It ca n't be done , and you know it . - You guys have any skills at all ? - Please .
I just do n't abandon my friends . Oh , man , I ought to smack you silly , boy . You think your brother ran away ?
From there , Reilly 's suicide was public domain . Something for five billion people to feed on , laugh at , gossip about . Reilly had a son , Owen .
My guy in Southland . The same guy I used last time . Same guy I used before .
Hey , ten points for our fearless leader . Sway , how about giving us the honour of the Bi// Bixby trifecta ? He drove a Corvette in The Magician , a Ford pickup truck in The Incredible Hulk ... and in The Courtship of Eddie 's Father he walked .
This is what we 're gon na do . There 's a big rig over there ... Uh , mister , is that your truck out there , the Big Rig Wrecker ?
I 'm a veteran , son . Get out of the car , bitch , or I 'll blow your brains out ! - You got ta be shittin ' me .
Those Mercedes we impounded , need those newfangled laser-cut keys ? Each one 's from Dressner Foreign Motors , downtown Newport ... where all the employees are clean except for him . James Lakewood .
`` Flash mob hump session on Toby at 3 : 30 '' ? - He 's got ta be so embarrassed . - His senior year is going to suck .
Listen , I ca n't tell you everything , all right ? There 's this crazy little fuzzy line between being your father and being in charge of an investigation , not to mention your soon-to-be chosen prof -- Do n't give me that look .
It is the stench of ones and zeroes , and electronic hardware probably manufactured somewhere in China . But these '' YOLO terrorists '' will not be tolerated . Malloy High will now be put under Internet martial law .
I ai n't waitir all day , bitch . Gon na have to walk your dumb ass to my house . - I want to drive .
They 's getting handed down to you . 100 % Grade-A '' Beat-Beat '' nigga boots . Heh .
Do n't worry about his shit . He 's just gon na get capped one day anyway . How do you know that shit ?
Ma and Pa fought for some serious shit , ya heard ? The challenge is up in this motherfucker , JTRO . Now is the time .
You taking notes ? God help the cops on your beat . Please , come in .
I 'm a nail bitir bitch up in here ! You 're a dick bitir bitch ! Round three !
Fuckir awesome . So how come you never asked me out ? What ?
There 's this crazy little fuzzy line between being your father and being in charge of an investigation , not to mention your soon-to-be chosen prof -- Do n't give me that look . Your mother gave me that look .
Good ! One way or another , the 248 takes a fuckir dirt nap tomorrow night ! You gots one final lesson up in this motherfucka ' , JTRO .
Or you just going to sit there messing with your dick ? What the hell are we doing all the way out here in the 138 ? It 's where the match is at , B .
.... [ Continues ] .. Oh , yeah Here we go .. .. Here we go H-H-H-Here we go ..
Check yourselves out at the 138 . There 's a street match comir up against The Triple Decka 1 K. Beat that chump then maybe we 'll talk about a match .
Yo , dreidel sipper . Do n't go runnir from me . Dude , I just wanted a drink .
Hey , you 're the orientation guy ! Yeah , Orientation Guy is my given name : But , um , it 's not my real name :
Three . BTRO , get yo shit straight , dog ! Get the fuck up , bitch !
Practice has started : Today we 're gon na work on manners and respect : Because some of you do n't know how to behave
You 'll be finished as a cheerleader I will knock you so far down you 'll be with your edgy , freak of a boyfriend , putting grapes Oh , yeah ?
Kinda . I did n't roll out here to ... Fuck .
Yeah , shit . Catapult dis bitch up out my sight . Tell you something , boy .
What you ? What are you gon na do when you bust up outta here ? I 'm not really planning on busting up out of here
You 'll either listen to us or fuck off . '' And their attitude was '' Oh , fuck that . '' That were right at the time , cos there was n't anything .
Fuckin ' air guitar gone mental . But Liam thinks , Liam thinks it fuckin ' rocks . At that time , we thought it was fuckin ' great and I still think that .
Um ... But by the point that they got into power ..... it was pretty evident to me that ... .. us lot , i.e . the artists , ..... and the entertainers , ..... were , um , you know ...
It was , like , we could n't wait ... We were just '' C'mon , let 's get building , go out there and do it . '' The things we made did n't function unless they were in a space ..... with people looking at them .
You know , they felt a nationalistic resentment , ..... at the fact that America enjoyed this unchallenged cultural hegemony . And , consequently , there emerged this protest movement , if you like , ..... this new music , these new fashions , ..... which were more anti-American ..... and British in a slightly caricatured way . That was enough for , kinda , the world to go nuts for a little while ..... about London 's Second Coming .
I ca n't stay around watching you learn to suck cock all my life . I 'm only here for the fucking football , to be honest . Oh , which reminds me .
What happened after Spike Island ..... is that the Stone Roses completely fucked it up . They were the group who were going to break through and make it . And they did n't , because they lost their nerve .
Fuck ! And that 's how I ended up sentenced to 18 months in a French prison . Fuck off !
* Wherever it may take me * I know that life wo n't break me * When I come to call
I 'm fucking serious . I was there six months . I did n't hear a fucking thing from you .
* You had hands girl boy We were never gon na make paintings and wait for somebody to come along . It just was n't like that .
Have you got any experience recording live music ? Not much live music per se , but I do remember recording the radio , and it takes a lot of skill to press stop before the DJ starts talking . Listen , listen , do n't , do n't ...
And it 's always delightful to see you . Good , because I 've trekked all the way up to your little fiefdom to give you some nice news . Oh , in that case , take the weight off your feet .
The money 's all insured . The only people that lose are the fucking banks . They 're the biggest cunts of all and you fucking know that .
Just so long as it 's not round here . So where do you wan na go , then ? [ voicemail bleeps ]
I was fucking shot at today . Do you understand what that means ? I was fucking shot at !
Have a nice day . [ narrator ] They think Hn just a thiet lprefer the term white collar hooligan . [ man ] Allume la lumiére dans la cellule 18 .
I ca n't forget the bag . it 's got a fucking shit load of cards and cash . - I 'll go and call the boss . - No , fuck the boss .
What is it ? - It 's , uh ... you wo n't hear about these babies on garden 's quest . [ Chuckles ]
I would sooner be doing something worthwhile than ... Well , than earning millions writing shit like this . I 'm with you there .
♪ cool as the water that I 'll pour ya in the morning ♪ it 's just gentlemen talk ♪ ooh , ooh
Yes sir , can I help you ? I wan na take a butcher 's ( look ) at that ring there . That ring there , sir ?
I mean they could n't let a loony run around for free ! Oh yeh ... they had a dirty trick up their sleeve The only had to certify me ' sane ' , ai n't they ?
Okay . It was that sort of scrubby , huge Jiffy bag on reception . opened it , what did we find in there ?
Something better than that . I wan na make a name for myself . Ah yeah doing what ?
♪ And let 's be clear , I dumped you first ♪ ♪ It 's been boring for ages ♪ ♪ Now I 'm turning a page ♪
Gone where ? - Feds is lookin ' for him , you get me ? Why ?
I do n't know times , or dates . Just that it 's gon na happen , very soon . What about the cells ?
... I ca n't fucking act ... Kinda running out of choices really ... are n't we ?
Emphysema . For more information you 'll have to speak with the doctor . Wait .
You 're protecting it . The army brainwashed you , man , into believing ... that the invasion was about fucking al-Qaeda ... Capturing Mr. Bin Laden , yeah ?
So , Danny , your , uh ... your pal Miller here tells me ... you 're so far back in the closet , you 're in fucking Narnia . So , is he in or what ?
2 years ! A fucking rapist does less time . Two pints .
You think Sid would say something . What 's he gon na do , call the police ? Bollocks .
He came to school here and had the time of his life . Screwed anything that was n't nailed down and drank his into the O.R . Then he goes home , and finds God .
You see this ? This is the sort of thing I 'm talking about . It 's not a fucking game .
I 've got money . What the fuck you want ? - I 'd like to speak to Jones .
That 's state-of-the-art , high-tech , fucking polymer frame reinforced with fibre glass . I do n't know what any of that shit means but it looks fucking cool as crap that , does n't it ? Look at that .
Or if you want to get a bit old school , I 've got just the thing for ya . Cool shit , that .
Well , you better come in then , brother . Put the fucking gun down , Kenneth . So , what do you want ?
Fucking ... Fuck , he told us he was gon na stab us . We told him to fuck off , like , gave him a chance , but he would n't go .
Uh ... So , there 's this person I like , but I know how bad I 'm gon na get and it 's very difficult to imagine any sort of a rosy future or anyone wanting to be a part of that future with me .
That 's a beautiful little gun and a proper fucking stopper . You can only have 5 rounds in the chamber , can you see ? That 's because it 's a model 36 , right ?
Jointed pin tumbler Engineering perfection . Anyway , this kid comes up to us , about your size , His name was ...
You know the ones . I 'm not gon na take it any more . God in heaven .
I 'm sorry , man . - We was just retaliating , bruv . - Where 's the phone ?
Fuck off . Marky , get in the car . Marky , get in the fuckin ' car !
When will we find out ? Uh , about a week , probably . It 's all right , male .
I take it you 're unemployed . I work from home , but I stretch my lunch breaks . You 'd be flattered if I believed you .
It was such a blessing in disguise . How long you gon na give it , Alex ? Tell him not to start , Mum .
For example , I did n't get the job on Londoners , which was a negative . But on the positive , I took the power back and sent my photo and CV off to the top actors ' agencies . But they 've all written back saying that they 're not interested , which , again , is a negative .
Him and Alex went to Brighton for the weekend . * Hey , you 're talking , blah blah blah So , how much would something like that go for , then ?
I 'll know tomorrow . You still have your phone , huh ? God be with you , my friend .
Cut . ( Scottish accent ) That looks really , really shit . ( cat yowls )
Hi . Um , can I order number 47 , please , with , um , seven prawn balls and a small chips , thank you . It come with six balls , number 47 .
The bomb was a timed device placed in a luggage item , causing a massive explosion in the foyer of the hotel . Ahmed himself was killed by security services as he tried to trigger a suicide device just prior to the foyer device exploding . Helen James , head of the Glassmore Hotel Victims Committee , had this to say about the findings .
I mean , that 's good because I 'm not depressed . You know , maybe you wan na change your mind about going to one of those groups I mentioned ? What , sit in a circle and listen to how crap everybody else 's life is ?
Yep . Are you gon na kill the man that did it ? It was a hit-and-run .
♪ We were wasted , son ♪ We were wasted , all ♪ On the ride
But it looks worse than it is . - You need a bath mat , love . - Good idea !
Cunts ! They take your fucking money ! Come on , you !
Yeah , I 've been selling my fanny . I need all the men I can fuck , because you 're a useless bastard . And I ca n't stand the sight of you any more .
Undergrad , suppose . He gave it to one of the subs . Did n't ...
The way they fucking leer at you . I 've got a pig 's head . - I 'm gon na post it to the bastards .
Why are you so fucking stupid ? I 've met people like you all my fucking life . Goodie goodies .
Save your breath . Did n't march halfway across the world and put Jerry back in his box for jumped-up spivs to end up running the show at home . But what about the law ?
You know I love you . We must rise up against these Western pigs who occupy our lands . Who come at us with smiles to take what 's ours and turn us against each other .
Have I lost weight ? Was gon na say you look different . I 've lost weight .
It 's funny how it 's always them depot boys stuck guarding pussy bars 300 miles behind the lines that are always the ones getting sick , huh ? But that is one hell of a song , Doc. `` Kickin ' and a-gougin ' in the mud and the blood and the beer . ''
Distraught , Miles Percival confided his fears to the one person he thought might be able to bring Stromming to heel . Mrs. Stromming , can we have a word ? Doubt that she believed him .
Loren , does she like cooking ? And the kids , they 're good eaters ? I 'll bet Jake is .
We 've all worked our entire lives to get here . I 'm not gon na let you ruin that . Listen , sweetheart , I can look after myself .
It 's called ' Pity the Plight of Young Fellows ' . Do you wan na hear it ? - Yeah .
Second question- Did Ray Decosio know Darius before all this happened ? He represented a lot of the kids arrested for drug offenses during Lee-Burrill 's time .
Yeah , Daze . Look , I do n't have time for this , man . If Tara knows what 's good for her she will call me .
Okay . So , why 'd you stop running ? There 's a slight curvature .
What 's that ? Were you smacked by a midget ? - What 's happened ?
I assure you on my mother 's grave , my being here has nothing to do with attraction . I 'm sorry to hear about your mum- ah , mom . You interviewed Darius today .
Hey ! One kid at home 's enough , thanks , Belle . Girls , are we looking at chicken or are we eating chicken ?
♪ '' And I know you 're fuckin ' lying So say your prayers now '' ♪ You fucked with the wrong gangster And now you 've got ta pay J ' That 's when the blood-stained crackhead He gun-butted on the way to Fat Mick 's
What , you think I 'm fucking stupid ? What , you 're in and out of the toilet like four times in ten minutes ? - I was n't calling you stupid .
Yeah . - Do you wan na hear it ? Yeah !
Ooh , Nigel ! - Yeah , I 'll believe it when I see it . - Whatever , Jody .
It ai n't ' ere . I had Kurt clean the place up earlier , because we partied last night , did n't we ? - For fuck 's sake !
All right , wait here . Do n't go fuckin ' stealing anything . Shithousel
It 's a fucking set-up . Someone told Frankie where I 'd be . He arranged to be there .
Oh , fuckin ' hell ! Listen , it 's not half cold up there . Can you drop an heater up to me or something ?
That 's off key ! - Why do you care about her , bruv ? - Who the fuck is she ?
Now , right now , I need someone who 'll protect my interests . The question is , Mickey , my son , are you that fucking someone ? Are you ready to make something of your shitty little life , huh ?
she ai n't fucking in there how are we supposed to get in then ? - get back in your fucking flat ! put it through , go on
yeah ? all right luv , was you i spoke to earlier ? i 'm Kelly 's friend
He 's not some mate that just lent me 20 quid down the fucking boozer . I think I should come with you . Not sure that 's gon na help .
shut up ! leave her alone she is a fucking kid you fucking cunt oi you two , get fucking digging leave her alone- shut up leave her alone
You 're going back to working for a living . I 'm gon na put you in the next worse place to hell . You 're gon na fucking beg them to kill you .
i do n't know please what are you gon na do to me ? do your Mum and Dad smoke ?
gon na be allright , they 'll be here somewhere which way ? - just keep a fucking eye out 'll tell you when , ok ? it 's allright , come on i 'm scared , i want to go home , now- i wan na go home and all it 's allright , darling
Look , if I do n't find it , he 'll go and get one from somebody , so I might as well do it Allright , he wo n't come back here will he , I do n't want to fuck him off , do i ? I do n't know , where would I find someone ?
When I first saw you , I thought you was a like a star or something you know ? and you know what 's more , huh ? we 've got a future you and me so we 're really good
What do you want to do ? I mean , say a fucking prayer or something ? Yeah , yeah .
In light of what 's gon na go on tomorrow , what the fuck is going on ? Stubbs tried to cut in on the deal . Thinks it 's fucking war now .
Told you , I had gone make some money Come on , we got ta get the train Here , go sit
Fuck that . No one can help these slags . ♪ They 're playing '' Follow the Leader '' ♪
♪ ♪ All these people talkin'bout they got our backs ♪ ♪ Tryin ' to do us over , we ai n't having ' that ♪
What 's up , Uncle Sam ? A bit below stairs for you here , is n't it ? Taken a wrong turn somewhere ?
I know what time it is , ... the fucking door ! - Allright , allright , hold on , coming down he said that he 's coming down So you have n't heard from her then ?
Not without Brian Clough . I 'm gon na give you some good advice , Brian Clough . No matter how good you think you are or how clever ... how many fancy new friends you make on the telly ... the reality of footballing life is this :
you are fucking sharp , ai n't you ? you can have it afterwards do n't worry , ey , i 've got it look do you wan na do it then ?
`` JO 'S DRESS RIPPED ASS TO TIT AT LUCY 'S PARTY '' INCIDENT . SHE DID N'T FIND IT QUITE AS FUNNY AS I DID . ARE YOU STILL THERE ?
It 's in the evening paper . I signed that fat fuck . Saved his professional life , gave him 2 years as a player .
TIM ! IT 'S OKAY , IT 'S NOT TOO BAD . TOM .
Why did n't you call ? Because you 'd have said no . Bloody right I 'd have said no .
No matter how good you think you are or how clever ... how many fancy new friends you make on the telly ... the reality of footballing life is this : The chairman is the boss , then comes the directors ... then the secretary , then the fans , then the players ... and then finally , last of all ... bottom of heap , the lowest of the low ... comes the one , who in the end , we can all do without ... the fucking manager . What are you doing , Brian ?
And it were some sort of embolism . Totally unrelated to , erm , to any drink or owt like that . I went in to see her , with the kids .
That were one reason why I knew she were there . What else would she be there for ? Erm , Lisa had once said something about somebody had come to her house with some coats that Lorraine had nicked .
Come on ! And I 'll have you later , an ' all . You know I will !
Oh , get fucked , will ya ? - I 'll fuck you in a minute . Send them on Manningham Lane .
I do n't know nothing about girls that work for themselves . Most people do n't know nothing , think they 're all fucked up junkie sluts . But that 's not it .
Now do n't tell me you expect to run away and work legit jobs ? Dean , we 're never gon na get another chance like this . It 's a lot of money .
That 's bad . Not for much longer , yeah ? Okay .
We hit his place now while he 's here ? Do you know how long he 's gon na be here ? No .
This hurts like a motherfucker . How else did you think it was gon na be ? I just thought I 'd get my turn , that 's all .
How 's that for trust ? You know , a guy once told me , there 's only three reasons to do anything in this world . Women and money .
The end of the pier , kid . 'Cause the end of the pier 's the end of the line for these poor fuckers . Delta , open your bag , dump the stuff on the floor .
Ah , Mary , Mary , Mary . I 've got this young girl I want you to have a look at . J * How is everything in heaven ?
Might drink it all posh . Me little finger sticking out and everything . Oh , that 's lovely , that is .
Thinking . Thinking makes me realise that Eddie got his money today , same as always , which means he do n't really give a spunk how I run my girls . That is of zero concern to him .
Get out , it burns . It is a bronze Jag . - No , no fuel .
Watch your language , you fuckin ' son-of-a-bitch bastard ! What are we gon na do , William ? There 's no more canals to dig .
When I wake up Well , I know I 'm gon na be I 'm gon na be the man who wakes up next to you
A kind of nuptial agreement , if you will . You may be named Lucky , but I 'm the lucky one , my darlin ' . I 'm not listening to you .
We do not fight . We let it seem real , but I must win . I do not want .
Back it up ! I ca n't believe my eyes , mate . It 's mayhem .
You could take her up to 170 , 180 . You 'd have to be in a chopper to catch someone in one of these . I 'll go down the shops and get something nice for tea .
I ca n't arrest no one . I 'm on 22 grand , bruv . Look , I 'm ...
Safe . I 'm just working in a salon , innit . I wan na get into ...
I do n't want that for you . - Where 's this Ike bre 's place ? - 40 Compromise Avenue .
Do n't put no pussyholes on it who 'll take my money and not do nothing . This lot wo n't fuck about , they 're a tight little crew . - Omen , Dabs , and some others .
I got ta go , bruv . I got a mark-up booked , innit . Safe , man .
Sam . You need something ... anything ... just give me a bell and I 'll sort it , yeah ? Yeah .
And do n't let the others know who he is , blood . No , I mean it , blood . Do n't even let them mans see his face too tough .
Put your hands on the table . Now , you 're gon na keep quiet . And you 're gon na stay in here .
We discuss things together , yeah . Maybe if you was a man instead of a yout in a man 's body you would know that . Hey , blood , I will spark your girl ...
It 's nice , right ? What you carrying a shotgun around in your trunk for , dude ? Just in case .
You ai n't bulletproof . Ai n't none of us bulletproof . You wake up tomorrow morning , your whole family and your friends could be out there on the street .
And you keep playing pussy around here , you gon na get fucked . You got some pretty ass eyes , bitch . WOMAN :
You know Jason , man . Fucking white boy used to be on my varsity squad . White boy on varsity ?
Do something . You ai n't got no heart . Do something , white boy .
Uh , it 's Lindsey Wakefield . I need to talk to you about making some kind of payment arrangements , and I will call you at 10 : 00 a.m. sharp tomorrow . I 'll be working , so , uh , that 's the only time I can call ... ( CLEARING THROAT )
You do n't know shit about packing no ammo . We 'll be done with these faggots in ten minutes . Your job is to be waiting right here with the key in the ignition .
No , he wo n't get shot . God , what a dumb bitch . Fuck that bitch .
Mass genocide , motherfucker ! Some evil motherfuckers wake up one day and decide they 're just gon na take out a whole section of the human race . Come up in here wanting a gun
Like 6 : 00 this morning . I took a ride around town . Ai n't nothing changed .
You know what ? Dicks being sucked and everything. `` Girls Gone Wild '' - type shit .
This one time in kindergarten I was out on the playground and I was kind of being picked on by this dillweed . I was kind of being picked on out on the playground and Sean came over and pushed him down and kicked him right in his fat face .
You do n't have a babysitter . But there 's surely someone in your family who can be a caregiver to this child . No .
Come on , man . We still got ta find the gun , man , shit ! Give him the gun , Jim .
What I 've done is who I am , but who I am is what I do now . I wo n't let up or cease to fight . Just time , I plan on doing it right .
♪ Though we paintin ' the world ♪ ♪ To the kids , say yo , yo , yo ♪ ♪ Gettin ' crazy out for fame ♪
Oh , yeah ! Hey , boy , get that camera out of my face , man . What did I tell you ?
He 's asleep , just like I was before you came knocking on my door , man . I ca n't believe this motherfucker raped her , man . Who raped her , my brother ?
JAMES : You 're just a piece of ass to them . That 's all you 'll ever be .
ROC : Bet you 'd like to stick your dick in that , huh ? I 'd love to .
But I want to take this chance with you . Even though what your mother said scared me and I do n't want to be a project for you , Wesley . I have Ariel to think about and ...
In here . That my sister , ai n't it ? This is because of those photos that Dad took .
Okay ? I 'm going to have a smoke . It takes the patience of Job to deal with him .
♪ They ca n't stand it ♪ They already want my ass gone ♪ ♪ And you would think I 'm playing this all ♪
Then ... Well , then ... you tried to set fire to the place before hanging yourself . 'Cause you could hardly leave that locker laying around for the world to know about .
And do n't use the phone again . How many kids you got ? How many kids have you got ?
It 's all right . My mom , she had a real gift for hooking up with jerks . I was pretty much ready to get out of there .
'Cause you could hardly leave that locker laying around for the world to know about . Although something tells me they 're gon na find a few of those pictures laying right next to the charred remains of poor little Lola . This is what it must have felt ...
Thank you . You think , maybe just maybe you might have crossed the line with this ? Along time ago , my friend .
I 'm sorry about the turnout . Kids go home early for Passover . They seemed to like it .
People who can help you start again . People who can make sure you 'll never be found . I 'm not running ever again .
All I wanted to do was talk , Faith . Now look at what you 're making me fucking do here . Faith , I am so sorry .
That hurt ! I 'm not being a chick , you fucking ass man . You 're hurting me , really hurting me .
Why would he get rid of the bodies and the cars , and never once , not once ever question why she ... Except maybe to slap her around a bit and call her a slut . Go on , old man .
I believe you , but they wo n't . Now if you wan na walk out of here , you 're gon na have to trust me . OK ?
Okay . When I was around 6 , my Mom and I ducked out of Julie Glynn 's birthday party to watch Robin Hood together on our TV . That sounds like a nice memory .
What are you talking about ? You know , it must have been , like , a random IP allocation . Like , they could be in Georgia for all we know .
No , thank you . That 's my wall of shame . There were hundreds of girls that came out of the conflict .
The last search that Hanley ran . See what else you can find . Everything 's a real mess .
You thought the jump cuts were ... I 'd check for the cat behind the ashcans under the Golodners ' stoop ! - Okay .
Obviously not fast enough , handsome . - I throw your ass in jail . You can also just give me a round in my apartment .
Hey ! Dude , you 're such an asshole ! How funny is this little chair ?
On my own time . Well , I 'll just come with you to make sure you play the right numbers . Suit yourself .
Aaron Milton . Writing style must be sanded a bit on , but your arguments are outstanding . - But one thing worries me .
Did not she say something ? She packed her bags and said that I would not look for her . Why are you here ?
Stay away from my son , otherwise I tear you to pieces . - Ask him what he wants . - I do not care !
-Now come on . - We 're looking for a sweet old man . - Very dignified .
Hold up . Have you ever loved a instead of fuck ? For the sugar sweet ...
No . The Irish are the blacks of Europe . The blacks of Europe .
Wait , you know what 's on that video ? I 've never watched it , but I was there for the taping , yes . All right , come on , do n't bullshit me .
You check in , okay ? Then we 'll ring his room . If he 's not in his room , we 'll fan out .
MR. KEENAN : Okay , we 're in Pretendland , I guess. `` Nobody likes vegetable soup . ''
One of your goons broke into my house today and shot my three-year-old son and his babysitter . You listen to me , you motherfucker . If you do not call off your goons ,
I am at the end of my rope here . Then tie a noose in it and slip it over your head . Whoa !
And I dared him to go skinny-dipping . We did things that frightened the fish . That 's all I 'm gon na say .
Ooh ! Do you wan na give me a heart attack ? It 's too early .
Listen to me . Our son ran away about eight years ago . - I 'm sorry .
I 'm glad you came out , Biaggio . I mean , this is ... this is our rite of passage , goddamn it . Have you ever felt this at one with ...
Even if Rita thought you 'd wipe the floor with them . Mr. Dawson , your lawyer just objected . You did n't have to answer that question .
Barger ? When you use equal goods or services instead of cash . So you admit that these are equal goods
( CHUCKLES ) Nothing like a good piece of ass . ( LAUGHS )
This is a gracious plenty . You do n't have to give me all of them . You know , I try not to eat healthy food if I can help it .
She left that Friday a pleasant , well-adjusted young lady . She came back on Tuesday a vessel of the Lord . Well , what 's her boyfriend got to say about it ?
Lowlifes . I used to think you were crazy for marrying that man . Then , for a while , I thought , she a glutton for punishment .
I can have the kids from the neighborhood come over and bounce up and down on them at a fucking party . - Oh , sarcasm , I get it . - It 's like a bouncy house .
I 'm gon na get An answering machine ... because then you can call and leave a message . You can say , ¡ ° ' Hi . This is Lucy . ''
Thank you . All the shorties in the club . Let me see you just .
Nothing . He 's just an old , lonely prick , and I want to get out of there before I end up anything like him . Joe ?
But in some ways , I 'm smarter than she is . You got to be firm on this . In some ways , she 's --
Now , what time does this little diamond wake up ? What time does this little diamond wake up ? She wakes up all the time .
Oh , yeah , um , can we do that Before my gig , say over dinner ? Yeah , sure .
Thanks . I got rid of that killjoy back there . I thought maybe we could do that interview now .
I do n't know what you 're talking about . - Do n't fucking lie to me ! - I do n't know who told you that !
How do you watch all the stupid fucking movies you watch ? How do I watch movies ? What are you talking about ?
( Chuck ) Let us know where you 're staying , And we 'll get in touch with you . Um , Silver Sands Motel , Room 13 .
That 'll be another 20 minutes , you idiot ! Did your mommy make you go to a shrink , too ? No .
What ? Come on , that 's a dime ! - That 's not a dime .
I would leave you alone , but I swear to God , I just fell asleep during that entire class . The whole fucking thing .
He loves TiVo . He sure as shit do n't love football . We know that .
`` I think we should , uh '' ... and he 's not , like , a football player , so this is a weird thing for him to say ... `` I think we should take a knee on this romance stuff . '' What does that mean ?
Solid eight . Her body was at least an eight , but you did n't talk to her . - Who cares how she talks ?
Yeah , you got any peroxide or anything ? Oh , my God , I 'm not good with ... Kate , get me some peroxide , please .
Excuse me . Look , I know you do n't wan na talk to me . I would leave you alone , but I swear to God ,
He got worked over pretty good but he was also out in the rain . Either one could have triggered the crisis . - Crisis ?
No . A nice handful , I love it , but more than that , it 's like no ! Shit starts to remind me of my mom or something .
Hey , hey , hey . I tried to stop them , bro , all right ? You 're supposed to have my back .
The important thing right now is to keep Lucia alive . That means these guys have to know that they ca n't get a nickle out of you until we first know that she 's okay . - What if you make them mad ...
It 's good to know how you figure all this . Tell me the dog 's name . Oh , well ...
What 's up , Joe ? Two regulars , one with cheese . - And get me another one to go .
Yo , tj ! I know you hear me talking to you , right ? Let 's go fuck this boy up .
Back in October of ' 88 a crew making a $ 4-million cash transfer to Abilene stopped at a car accident . Only it was n't an accident , it was a setup . The guard who got out of the truck , well , they just grabbed him put a sawed-off shotgun to the back of his head .
I had the whole million . It was our nest egg . You know , the money I was going to use to get out .
was glasses for the wine . But we can probably just swig out of the bottle . Are you cool with that ?
Here you are in the same old shit . Guys like your old man used to bust their hump working in places like this . Then you go off to Iraq , you serve your country and you earn a Silver Star .
You just shot that -- You just killed that man . He was gon na die before you got him to a hospital . - You do n't know that .
All you had to do was open the door . Come on , let 's get something to open this goddamn hinge . I would 've protected you .
I mean , a little . - I used to moonlight as a pastry chef . - Tell me this guy 's gay .
So think about it . Think we might get jacked ? As a matter of fact , I do .
Never called again . Every time you slept with me , you called me Jenny . CONNOR :
No , I have . Jenny , I 'm seeing things in a whole different way tonight . All right ?
Ten-four . I wish they would try something . Whoa , whoa , what 's going on ?
How you been ? Well , I 'm at a wedding , I 'm seeing ghosts in the john . - I 've been better .
Driving a race car ... or in a gunfight . Death is waiting in the kitchen when you get up at night for a glass of milk . My niece , my sister 's oldest , she was a good girl .
Women you shag and leave , and women you shag and snuggle . Regrettably , I 'm the shag-and-snuggle kind . So you have 3 seconds to get back in this bed where you belong and where , deep down , you actually want to be .
You completely let her in . And this is the moment that you realized you were spooning . So you did what you do best .
He 's gone . What do you mean he 's gone ? Just keep looking .
Oh . Look who 's got me pegged . And there 's sarcasm to cover up the accidental display of affection for Paul .
I want you to open it . I want you to look inside . Inside , there 's $ 50,000 cash .
# But now my ends are meeting in the best way that I know # # And the beats that go boom # # See the music I consume to escape the doom and gloom #
But can you feel my pain ? Can you feel my pain ? Hi .
Take over . When this meeting 's over , straighten this crap up . So what 's the word ?
You got the easiest job on the boat , and you manage to screw it up ! Kiss my ass , you little runt . And you ... !
You sure ? 'Cause I do n't forget eyes like yours . I 'm sure .
You know , you wake up one morning after 13 years , and the feeling 's gone , and , you know , you try to hang in there , but there 's really nothing you can do . But we both agreed that , you know , we did n't want to grow old taking up each other 's space . You guys still talk , then ?
I hate the game . I hate the goddamn game ! Do you hear me ?
I might not have recognized you . I only have one photograph and it 's ancient . I have one picture of you , too .
I think she 's a hell of a boat . With a hell of a crew . And a hell of a skipper .
It 's an increased-risk mission , so , you know , it 's up to us . I 'm getting a little air-to-air feeling . Refuel in hell ?
I 'm not doing it ! If you barbarians wo n't be still and finish this lamb , none of you will get the chocolate cake . Yes , Mom !
I melt at least 3 times a week . - Is he lucky I 'm off the market or what ? - They would n't even look at him .
But she was just nuts about him . She never slept with him . Maybe because she was an old-fashioned girl .
Oh , yeah ! Yeah , you want to dance ? You do n't mind if I get up in there , do you ?
Thousands . And a couple of DVDs . One for you , one for me .
Shit , you scared me . - Watch your mouth , young lady . Hey , that 's what I said to you when you were a kid .
Anyway , an hour after his body was found Kill With Me went up . And an hour after that , Kilburn 's review was spammed Web-wide . - And you think our guy killed him ?
He flew helicopters for a living . What 's his connection to a U.S. congressman ? Our guy had to dump the body .
Got ya ! Y ' a// gon na make me/ ose my mind Up in here , up in here
That 's a damn brick . Kip , man , we gon na use a brick , man , we might as well call prison and make reservations . Aw , come on .
We are the murder weapon . Any American who visits the site is an accomplice to murder . We are the murder weapon .
Oh , man ! - Oh , I 'm gon na throw up , dog ! - Man , that 's disgusting .
Well , what if I ca n't fînd him ? Then big brother takes the fall for the slip-up . Does n't matter much to me .
Oh , so now you think you 're better than us or something , huh ? - Maybe we should cut you up , dog ? - Um ...
He 's sniffîn ' real close . If anything tonight appears out of place , I want you to cut bait , get out of there and walk away . And get rid of this goddam car !
Mr. Arthur was right . Kids started writing to me with their own DUFF stories , and when I posted those , more kids responded until it just became its own thing . Oh , and Wesley ?
Okay , girl , I know some DUFFs too . For what it 's worth , what you wrote here struck a chord with me as well . I mean , I know you wo n't believe me , but I was the DUFF out of my friends .
Jesus ! What the hell 's the matter with you ? You scared the shit out of me !
Are you fucking kidding me ? What the -- listen , you little shit , whatever the fuck your name is , if you expect to come back here tomorrow and have a job -- Hey , not funny !
How about tonight you just worry about what you think about you ? Now I want you to get cleaned up , I want you to go to that dance , and rock that homecoming like my Bianca Piper would . Passion plus action ...
I 'll never play '' Beat-Beat Revelation '' again ! Yo , man , know where I can find JTRO ? Thanks .
I ca n't see him like that no more . I already got enough scars , OK , JTRO ? Stacy , you do n't need L Dubba E to get booze .
That is who we believe is Dr. Ronald Pendleton . We found his ID under the tub . Forensics is running a check on it .
What are you gon na do when you bust up outta here ? I 'm not really planning on busting up out of here - or anything .
And you know what ? He 's gon na jump off that tape and tell you exactly who he is . And there is no way that you will ever stop him .
You did n't tell no one where you went . I thought we were bros ? I 'm here now .
Later , BTRO . Them 245 bitches is whack ! Yo .
Well , I ... I guess I thought that you know , since you just sped through guys so fast back then I just ...
Not now , Greg ! I said give it a rest ! [ Exhales ] Okay :
Tell you something , boy . Maybe you should get your fuckir ass up out of here . Before you get hurt .
are basketball players -- smaller biceps Then , soccer hunks , lacrosse studs , fraternity presidents -- ohh -- fraternity keg-masters , guys with cars with parking passes , guys with cars kind of a waste of time -- [ Man ] Black Student Union activists-
Stand up and get some mo ' : Do n't cry , do n't pout , do n't have yourself a cow : You 're gon na get whupped :
I , uh ... I wanted to tell you that you 've always been more than just a slash on my list , yo . For reals .
Oh , really ? She 's gon na be great on game day ? To be a great cheerleader you have to make sacrifices :
But JTRO jumped his ass . It was like bow to the bridge ! Yo , kick it !
Who would never make a fool of himself : make a fool of myself : Even if he was blindly
Our team sucks ! - Whittier , quit worrying and enjoy the sunshine : - The sun sucks :
You know , I think I -- .. Rock like this Rock like this .
A lot of the people were ambivalent about being in Vanity Fair ..... in connection with Cool Britannia . Yet on the other hand , they kinda did wan na be in Vanity Fair . It was as though , if something has n't been noticed by the US media , ..... particularly New York glossy magazines , ..... it 's as though it has n't really happened .
Thy belly is like a heap of wheat , set about with lilies . Let thy breasts be as clusters on the vine . And thy mouth like the best wine .
And we were saying '' No , fuck that . '' So , it was a chance , their last chance , , ..... to drag themselves up on the coat-tails of my band , really . And , you know , the NME losing readers by the thousands every week ...
People were really , really stoned . On weed , and also on Ecstasy as well . So it was a very , sort of , return of the ' 60s , ..... hallucinogenic type crowd .
`` Fuckin ' He 's inviting us to his house , for a drink ! '' - '' We 've got ta go , then . `` - '' Fuckin ' right we 've got ta go ! ''
Alright , who would like a cup of tea ? - Yeah , we 'd better get going . Thank you for that , Walter .
I thought there were some great tracks on it . But it were hyped up that much , ..... that they could n't live up to what everyone were expecting ' em to do . It ruins ' em .
I thought he looked like an absolute fuckin ' idiot . And , er , cos they wanted me and Liam to do it . I remember taking the phone call ..... and somebody saying ..... '' If you do n't do it , Blur will . ''
I take care of me hair . Bit obsessed with me hair . You 've got ta have a decent haircut if you 're the front man of a band .
What 's a wonderwall , Dean ? It 's s'posed to be about his bird . Meg Matthews at the time , he wrote it for her .
I know exactly who I 'm fucking with . You 're just a Londoner who thinks he 's a big man . But let me tell you something .
Hey , fuck you , you cunt , you dickhead ! They 're bringing the fucking tear gas out . You wan na go for a drink ?
What if we got caught ? If we get caught , I 've got a horrible feeling we find out what our testicles taste like , but we 're not because it 's just me and it 's just you , nobody to fuck it up for us . Just get your shit together .
Back off , Topbeef . - Lift up your shirt , for fuck 's sake . - What ?
Yes , he fucking pays me in cash . I love you so much . You 've changed since you got that job .
Give me the ticket . Listen , this is fucking football . it 's not work , right ?
The harder you push them , the more they resent you . Encourage Helen 's passion for Italian anymore , and she 'll end up clobbering you with that bottle of prosecco . But at least that would be her decision .
All right . I need to go somewhere first , OK ? God , I fucking love this place .
I 'm sorry , but we are about to enter a whole new world of excess . I only hope that the old ticker will stand it . By the way , I 've got those books of yours .
What did Eddie do with it ? 'Cause he did n't fucking help you out , did he ? Did n't get you out of there .
* if you tell me you love me I wo n't hear * * I am too busy losing myself in my mind * [ mutters ]
Lot of birds in your work Charlie . Well I do n't really get to see ' em much , too , so ... birds and ... pa-ja-ros ... Pajaros .
Not there ! On the fucking karsy ( toilet ) you cunt ! What happens now ?
Apparently , I 'd managed to cost the system tens of millions of pounds in damage and her Majesty no longer wanted to pleasure herself with Britain 's most expensive prisoner ! I know it 's not the moniker that I was looking for but what were they gon na do ? I mean they could n't let a loony run around for free !
( ass fucker ) I 'll make sure he looks at that painting mate do n't you worry about that . Review the unit !
No , I like it dark . That 's an impressive set of guns ( arms ) you have there you must be handy in a brawl . Bam !
I 'm proud as punch . 'Cause you 're a fucking star ! Gov 's a cunt .
If you 're gon na be unfair with me ... I 'm gon na show you the ultimate in unfair take-downs . Now this ... is what I call '' Charlie vs Broadmoor ''
That 's what I always say ... Everything happens for a reason , dunnit ? Yeah ...
What you know about what I fucking want ? What happened to my tea Phil ? Sorry mate , I 'm such a cunt I completely forgot .
Smith Wesson snub nosed.38 -- That 's a beautiful little gun and a proper fucking stopper . You can only have 5 rounds in the chamber , can you see ?
Fucking , just gave him a couple of slaps , that 's all , man . He had this fucking big shank , man . He was mad .
You tell that fucking Fahad , he do n't have a brother . What you gon na do , when they put this shit all down ? Where you gon na go then ?
... may be given in evidence . You get your fucking hands off him ! He ai n't done nothing .
You saved my life , Alyana . Alyana , listen , I 'm gon na take you to the train station . You get on a train , you disappear .
Do n't turn around , just walk . - Oh , fuck off you benders ! I 'm going to ask you some questions .
Who did ? So ai n't no one warned you about me , no ? - No .
I 'm Sergeant Terry Hicock . I 'm sorry , sir , I 've got to ask you a couple of questions , is that OK ? Did you see anyone on the canal tow path ?
No , Saint Maureen . I do n't think I have heard of her . Is she a virgin martyr ?
No one 's ever fucked with me like that , you get me ? I 'm fucking sick of this . I 've been stuck in here for fucking hours now .
# Come , they told me , # par um pa pa pa pum # A new born King to see , # par um pa pum pum No , Saint Maureen .
It 's not a fucking game . Now in future , you do as you are fucking told ! Yeah ?
I 'll give you a discount , if you like . You could do with shifting a few pounds . Oh , thanks very much .
# UK , make some noise ! # ' Cause I 'm talking pi , bro , I 'm talking ... # 1141592653553 ... # 9793238462643 ... # - Sorry .
I ca n't do that , Harry . If you want to pay hookers and pretend it 's love , that 's up to you , but it 's a different ballgame when it affects me ! Sorry to interrupt , but I had to tell Tom , they 've just unearthed documents in Florence .
You should n't . - I might just pop off to the toilet . - Okay .
Hello ! Oh , Hannah love , what happened to you ? I slipped over in the bath .
There are other business people we can approach , you know ? It 's a matter of , uh , getting their young workers to join us , huh ? Huh ?
'It 's not something I do , but I found I was saying a prayer . 'Do n't even believe in all that shite , as you well know . ' I 'd like to come and see you .
I 'm a man you do n't meet every day ♪ Well , we do n't want to sit around going boo-hoo-hoo all day . Are we going to give Jack a proper send-off or what ?
Do you want him ? He eats his own poo . Yeah .
Give me that fucking bunny ! 'It happened to be my buddy 's face . 'Fucking thing nearly got chewed up .
Remember he said he had a trial for United ? He said he missed out cos he was too fast . You remember , sir ?
Freedom ! Good night , Joseph , you fucking bastard . Oi , you cunts !
Do you remember Ian ? The stoner who used to steal our milk and top it up with water . Oh yeah , he used to piss into a water bottle cos he could n't be bothered to walk to the toilet .
Dying in some shithole country for nothing . - What was the fucking point ? - What 's the matter with you ?
If they all come in , I 'm gon na be a very rich man ! Gon na buy myself a zoo . That 's my fucking thing .
I just ... I 've been a bitch , ai n't I ? - More of an ostrich , actually .
No , I do n't have any goddamn evidence . But then why does somebody put a snake in your car , huh ? Who wants to make sure that Darius is put away for good ?
Ooooh ! What , you making noises now , yeah ? Is that all you can do ?
Right out of the barrel of a gun . I heard about your rattler too . Was n't me , man .
You think you can pick up drugs off me , long me off and go to someone else ? Where the fuck is my money ? J ' He 's just a kid
How was your flight ? Oh , the flight was , uh ... - Oh , stop !
What am I , some prize fuckin ' idiot ? I ai n't having ' it , pal . It ai n't on .
Today , yeah ? - You 're gon na tell her that . - All right .
I do n't even know if I 'm gon na be able to do that . What do you mean you dunno if you 're gon na be able to do that ? What the fuck do you think this is ?
You 're the boss . - Yes , I bloody well am . Linford !
♪ But he feels like the man today He joined a gang today ♪ Been at a house party around the way Doing illegal shit but he 's just a kid ♪ Still he 's in luck today He got a fuck today
Yeah ? Go in there and put a fuckin ' bullet in his head , or am I gon na have to fuckin ' put one in you ? That hurts .
I n Kevlar we trust . Cops get anything out of Decosio ? No .
You walk in with Ed . Am I gon na get four grand back off Ed ? - I do n't think so , do you ?
You fucking ... You fucking used me , bruv ! - I did n't tell you to kill that girl !
Or I swear I 'm gon na burn down this blood clot ! You can fucking afford it now , though , yeah ? Get the fuck out of here , pussy hole .
Shut up and sit down . Who the fuck do you think you 're talking to , you chav cunt ? - Fuck you , you fucking mug !
Yeah . She must have took your phone ! Fuck her !
I 'm gon na flush ' em out . Run ' em out of town . - Run ' em out of town ?
they do n't do it down here surrey , anyway , there wo n't be anybody around plus you look like shit Kell I ai n't worried about that I need this money
You ai n't gon na live to spend this , blood . Am I gon na have a fucking problem with you ? - Johnny .
'cause you ca n't ... , ca n't you ? we need someone like you someone with a bit of fucking brains someone that can take care of herself and how can i help you ? is anyone got to you yet ?
Devon How am i gon na get you to Devon ? train that 's what i was gon na use the 100 pounds for to get the train
And saucy -- well , we mean saucy , because we gents love a little bit of saucy , do n't we ? We love a little bit of naughty , do n't we ? So exercise your imaginations and give us a little bit of the ... 5,000 for you , sir ?
I am not a fucking charity 've been chilling out , allright , I ai n't made money , so I need you to do this for me Derrick , please don't.-What ?
You 're gon na have to stay here in the cubicle.| I got ta go get some money , so we can get the train . What about my money ?
yeah will you let me have it now ? you are fucking sharp , ai n't you ? you can have it afterwards do n't worry , ey , i 've got it look
No ? Then why are you still swimming ' round in that same muddy little pool , huh ? You stick to what you know , eh ?
It 's fucking tragic . You 've been in the wars , Mr. Barber ? - Was that a formal question ?
Yeah . And where the fuck would you be right now if I did n't ? What the fuck was that ?
Come on , boys ! Derby County in the white shirt ... very much the underdogs ... as they face the First Division champions . Playing today in their away strip of dark blue shirts and yellow shorts .
Do n't be fucking silly , yes you are I 'll give you 200 quid it 's a little girl Derek - I know it is
allright i love the countryside it 's nice , ai n't it ? colour why the fuck did you run away ? 'cause living at home was shit my mom 's died this year , and my dad was a bastard he beat me , he was always pissed the other week i nicked his fags , and he kicked me in the ribs
WHAT ? SOMEBODY SAY SOMETHING , FOR CHRIST 'S SAKE ! JO .
♪ FOR HE 'S A JOLLY GOOD FELLOW , FOR HE 'S A JOLLY GOOD FELLOW ♪ ♪ FOR HE 'S A JOLLY GOOD FELLOW , AND SO SAY ALL OF US . ♪ ( banging on table ) SPEECH , SPEECH .
YOU WERE AFTER THEM . YOU DID N'T HAVE THE BALLS TO TAKE ME , SO YOU LET ME LIVE AND TOOK AWAY MY FRIENDS .
YOU 'RE WITH ANDY . JUST LIKE THE OLD DAYS , EH ? LIGHTS OUT IN THE DORM .
Er , when did I know ? When some prostitutes came on to the Arbor looking for her cos she 'd pinched some Tommy Hilfiger coats . They pulled me up at the bottom of the street and asked me if I knew who she were .
We have to part company . Fine , it will cost you 25 grand . What ?
It never ... It can never be put right because , erm situations are as they are and we 'll have learnt lessons from this but they wo n't learn lessons at all cos ... Well , when she got him back , obviously whatever circumstances , whatever lifestyle she chose to live ...
I 'm sorry to have to tell you both this . My mother passed away a few hours ago . She had a stroke in the early hours of this morning , and died , painlessly and very peacefully in her sleep .
I remember Mum fighting with Jim all the time . Getting stiletto shoes and proper clawing him with ' em . Erm , I vaguely remember her falling through a glass window and having all them stitches in her face .
If you need any help , that is . Cos I do want us to get on . I do want to be a good mum to you .
Understand ? And if I hear so much as a whisper you been taking it out on the girls , I 'll be back . And I 'll tie every one of these weights to your prick , and I swear , it 's over the end of the pier for you , fuckhead .
I 'm guessing Eddie must have at least 250 large stashed at his place . Money like that could go a long way to helping out a couple of amigos . I 'm thinking a nice even split , 200 for me , 50 for you .
I 'm taking over . I 'm going to go to the unit and I 'm gon na take advice . Yeah , but listen .
Kirsty 's made me swear not to call social services , but ... I mean , she says they 're OK . But I need advice because I screw up on things like this .
There 's something so ... So fucking civilised about it . Do n't you agree ?
Hmm . You did real good , baby . Daddy 's very proud .
I got a girl , no messing . You keep this up and I 'm a pop you right here , you understand ? Oh , you ai n't gon na kill me , Jermaine , come on .
How should I know ? Eating dog shit by the taste of you . I 've been working on getting the money we need for Dr Johnston 's next round of treatment .
Well , I know I 'm gon na be I 'm gon na be the man who gets drunk next to you And if I haver
Edinburgh is the medical capital of the world . Get yourselves an education there , lads . On one side of the city , you have Barclay 's School of Anatomy ,
A bit unfair . It 's unfair my boy 's got a slapper for his mum . Why was n't it you who died ?
They do n't get on . Trust me , do n't let any of them see you 're weak , blood . You want something ?
You get on that path ... I 'm not stupid like you , though , Sam ! - If I do something I 'm not getting caught .
He 's coming . Why do you keep looking at the clock , blood ? There somewhere you need to be ?
You 're one lazy cow , do you know that ? I 'll go and get it and them , then I 'll come back and get you , yeah ? - Yeah .
I 'll go jail . You know what , I 'm gon na give you the piece , cos me and you are boys . Just do n't bring no fucking drama to my door , you hear me ?
That 's what it 's about now , yeah ? You 're gon na forget about a man over a girl . You fucking pussy .
I ai n't into all that stupidness . You told them it 's all nonsense , yeah ? You 're thinking about it , innit ?
You 're a clever one , ai n't you , blood ? I do n't think you stabbed no one , though . You do n't look like the type .
But this guy attacked me and he 's saying people are gon na hurt my family . I wan na tell you that if you know who 's involved , I do n't want any more trouble . - So this is about what you want ?
I 'm still gon na kill you , blood . I 'm gon na take your fucking life , like you took Trife 's . Like you took mine !
Oh , hi , Jenny . God , there 's so much drama going on right now . You would n't believe it .
Sean 's gon na knock him out . - Ho , shit , what up , Sean ? - What 's up , yo ?
Have you seen him ? Yeah , he tried to come over last night , but I was n't having that . So where he went ?
Mason ? Dirty redneck ai n't been up here , man . What y'all want with him ?
Let me close the blinds . You know how sick the guy across the way is ... I know .
By the way , nobody talks to me the way you talk to me , either . That 's ' cause you 're so mean . ( LAUGHS )
I know , the kids keep me so busy . Okay , Heidi , can we please not talk about your kids today ? I 'm sorry .
Right . I mean , I would n't fuck your brother . I just would n't do that now , would I ?
Jenny , I got ta go . I 'm gon na smoke with Bonnie . But come over soon and bring Mark .
Yeah , let 's roll . I just got home , man . Even better .
Listen to me . Listen to me , baby , listen to me . I need you to be brave , okay ?
Hard to tell . - You got a cigarette , boy ? - No .
What 's up ? Hey , how you doing , good-looking ? Yeah .
♪ Is this the first day of the rest of my life or ♪ ♪ What 's the sort of deal , what 's to fight for ♪ ♪ I wrote about every sight sore ♪
Get a bike . Meet up with Rich , Josh , in Mexico . Were you not just on this conference call ?
What the fuck happened to you ? I broke my fucking hand . - How ?
Hmm . Babe , how much is a gallon of milk ? I do n't know .
And if you see him , tell him to come around here one more time . I 'm gon na cut his motherfucking dick off , you heard me ? - Damn !
♪ Listen ♪ Yo , running back doors ♪ Running back doors
Nothing . I 'm gon na take you away from this shithole neighbourhood . That sounds nice .
( Speaking in a foreign language ) Goddamn kid , I 'll teach you lesson . CRISTAL :
Yo , chill , dawg . It 's all good now , right ? No ... dawg ?
I ca n't even remember , man . Yo , do n't kill that , man . Yeah , he do n't remember'cause he got his head beat in .
♪ Down South of Babylon ♪ So why do n't you just fade away ♪ WOMAN :
Yeah . Why the hell do you care what I think ? You really kill five people ?
The clothes . The way you carried yourself . I do n't know .
Do n't worry . This is gon na hurt me a lot more than it 's gon na hurt you . How old were you when you got your cherry popped , Faith ?
LINDSEY : He is not gon na park his car . He is gon na ... ( SIGHS )
If you ever wan na hang out or reminisce about your high school drama days , give me a shout . If they can make alcohol strong enough to get you that wasted , they sure as shit should have aspirin strong enough to get you un-wasted . God .
You think I wo n't break your motherfuckin ' neck right now ? I 'd give every limb I got for 1 % chance at a real life . Or a whisper of hope to take a shit in privacy , huh .
I told you I 'm sorry . Get your kid out , please . - No , sweetie .
Funny , you seemed to be moved by his remorse . Moved for his covering up for me like he does . And hey , not many fathers would do that .
I got ta go and smack Cathy around to find out where the fuck she actually went to . And I finally get here ... Christ , a dead old hanging dude .
Good Russian soldiers with mommies and daddies back at home get sent back in pieces . And just like that , Federov got his dirty little war and Mother Russia got its oil . - You dropped the building ?
Where were we during this ? Did you bring men home ? Not while ...
I wo n't tell . My dad said if he ever caught someone going in there , they 'd be dead meat . So I wo n't tell on you .
You know what I mean ? For being such a jerk to you when you woke up today . I saw you looking at it .
I 'm such a klutz . So anyways , I got my sights on this new one . He 's so dang hot .
It 's no fun for me if you do n't try . - I wan na be a tennis pro like Ivan . - You do n't wan na be a tennis pro .
You know I will . You had an affair for four years with that fucking shrink that ruined our marriage . I can get the kids .
Us or them ? - How the fuck should I know ? Does it really matter ?
It 's over here . You should kill the headlights . Are you sure you want to do this ?
So , uh ... I move away for one year and because you 're scared of what 's gon na happen , you immediately resort to breaking up ? I 'm just saying ...
But for a student , very racy . - Did you get that it was her cunt ? - Oh , yeah .
That 's how he 's wired . He killed three of our people . The call is to terminate Devereaux .
You 're only 17 years old . I have really wrapped things up . What are you talking about ?
Jonah ? Dude , I can see you . What are you doing ?
You have a pretty exciting life . Yes , it has begun to dawn on me . And I 've figured out your trick cherry .
I 'm sorry I left you guys there . You know , I swear someone was helping me , though I just ca n't bring it together . Jonah , that place was ...
Do not promise anything . People are shit bad at keeping promises . People do not care .
I want you to chase me . Well , I 've got a million things to do , you know . I got ...
♪ Hit me quick ♪ ♪ So many marks ♪ ♪ That I just ca n't fix ♪
I will make amends . I would still marry her . I would wait to book the church .
No , we could have a code. `` Zebra Tango Niner '' or something . - Shit .
I will bring mathematical proof I can walk on water . If I fuck it , I can wave goodbye to the trust fund and goodbye to the university . - Now you need to pull yourself together .
This is breaking and entering . This is impersonating a guest . This is your life and possible death .
( grunts ) And the shopping . He 's a great bargain hunter . I do the hunting .
Sure . That 's my cue , after urination in the tub ? Yeah , that 's your cue .
I suppose that 's a shame . The problem is Joe 's a mama 's boy . Clarissa was good for him .
I 'm not crazy . I 've just been in a very bad mood for 40 years . OWEN :
[ punch lands ] - [ groans ] [ grunts ] - [ punch lands ] - [ groans ] [ body thuds on ground ] [ groaning ] [ taser zapping ]
♪ A romance to give my guts a kick ♪ ♪ The TNT in your kiss ♪ ♪ And I 'm tied up in your wake ♪
And you 're the red in her painting . Because I think you 're the red in her painting . Thank you , Sam .
Shelby . Shelby , you 're looking at this all wrong . ( CONTINUES SOBBING )
I do n't make the rules , Annelle . And speaking of the rules , someone has put me on the mailing list at the Riverview Baptist Church , and now I 'm getting chain letters from Christ . They 're not chain letters .
Come on , Ouiser . Let 's sort this stuff out and get over to M'Lynn 's . ( ALL LAUGHING )
We need to get him out of here . You up for a little walk , buddy ? All right , look , you two , run up ahead , pull the car up as close as you can to the mouth of the woods .
Make it brief , Ms. Harrison . What the hell happened to you ? - I 'm late .
Mmm-hmm . I want her to see Dr. Miller before she goes . She 's got her doctor in Monroe .
You got ta help me out ... - You looked at 46 porno sites today , Jon . - Just today .
Good job , big guy . - Sweetie , so nice to meet you . - Bye , Mr. Martello .
Why would I wan na go out and try to pull randoms ? None of ' em are gon na look as good as my girl , none of ' em are gon na fuck me as good as my girl . - Really ?
I just do n't . So if Owen 's busy , I guess I 'll just catch him later Because I wanted to give him this tape .
All you do is look at porno . That 's all you fucking do ! - Wait , wait .
So I broke up with him , Because he turned out to be a junkie too . Oh , no .
You got to go in that meeting tomorrow , And you sell that story . Oh , stop , stop , stop .
Anything new for me ? Actually , Lulu dug up something On this new girl .
I said I was sorry ! I said I did n't want Any daddy but him . Why do n't you write that down ?
I think I would remember . - No offense , but you were pretty wasted the other night . - So was I .
OK . So she caught you once , which is why you 're watching it on your phone at school , 'cause you 're hiding it from her , but she caught you the second time . I do n't know .
Like there 's the times you find a great clip , with a hot chick . And right when you 're starting to cum , it shows the guy . Fuck !
You said you watched porn . Uh , yeah , but that movie that I gave you was totally ... - Did you ever watch it ?
`` I just want to go home . '' You smoke my dope and then bail ? Dan , why you messing with her head ?
Yeah , I think I 'm gon na need stitches . Oh , God , I 'm gon na be sick . Yeah , you got any peroxide or anything ?
What ? You do n't wan na meet my brothers - and my sister ?
Through the ministry of the Church , may God give you pardon and peace , and I absolve you from your sins in the name of the Father , the Son and the Holy Spirit . - So , uh ... me and Barbara split up . - What ?
Um ... No , I just had , like , a nervous feeling . Um , but that just might be ...
There 's a lot a hard evidence against this asshole . He 's got his dead buddy in the basement . Not to mention the van in the garage .
I wan na go home , man . I wan na see my kid and .... - It 's gon na be okay .
I know , I know . Keep pressure on it , keep pressure on it . - Okay ?
I do n't know . Maybe I do n't care if you shoot me or not . Or maybe there 's a high powered rifle pointed at your head .
We 're not gon na let the bank take your house . - I got that under control . - Hey , do n't bullshit me , Ty .
I asked you if we have enough clean kegs for the bright tank . I 'm not in the fucking mood , man . Everything 's off .
Party foul . Once in your life , right before you talk , Frank , just go , '' I 'm not gon na talk . '' I 'm thinking about heading out .
Of course , I do n't like going in there much , you know . I can show you around , but you might wan na cover your nose . Why 's that ?
You hear me ? No more blood on my hands . Promise me nobody gets hurt .
You broke my tooth , you damn moron . Next time I 'll break your head . You burn the truck , you burn the money , you idiot .
Because love does n't exist , right ? It 's just , '' magical comfort food for the weak and uneducated '' ? Wow , that is as close as I will ever come to feeling something for Connor Mead .
No , no , no . - You got to throw the small ones back . - Come on .
You never told us that . Well , I 'm paying the price . Looks like I 'm going to have to get plastered and downgrade to one of Paul 's desperate work friends .
We got you . Oh , buddy , you did great . - You were quiet in the crisis , man .
You really want to do this ? Ok , I serve my fuckin ' country in Iraq and Afghanistan . No , we 're not talking about the war , OK .
Second condition . Oh , I want to hang on to ole Georgetta here . Seeing as I 'm the only one fit to handle her .
Hold on . Do n't worry , it 's just glass . - Where are the stairs to the roof ?
No tricks , Dutch . These are all the lady tears that have been shed for you in your life . And these ...
I want you to hold it really tight , and I want you to shoot me right here in my heart . This is a fucking joke , right ? Am I on TV or something ?
What the hell is that ? This is gon na be a lot of fun ! I 'll need two guys on the left .
That se ? orita tried to execute her life twice , man . She slit both her wrists .
Why do n't you open your eyes so you can see it ? You are gon na be all right . I 'm not gon na let anything happen to you .
This is my boat . We 'll ride this thing out . Not for fun , for safety .
Here are your checks . The good news is the bar drinks are on me . Tommy ?
There is some indication of increased lubrication . - If they come inside you , does it burn ? - No .
I do n't wear hats , except to Yankee games . The problem is that I do n't know her hat size and I do n't want to ask her ... because it 's a surprise . - Was it that woman you were with last night ?
What is it with you two ? Will you give me some credit ? I smile at this girl , she bushes from head to toe .
It 's not gon na help . It 's gon na take about a minute for the acid to dissipate and your natural morphine to kick in . - You know why I hit you ?
Why not ? - ' Cause it 's out of whack . It does n't feel totally out of whack .
Nice touch . I threw in a backdoor Trojan so we can see what he 's doing with it . He 's run up a quarter-million dollars in fraud the past three weeks .
It 's word of mouth , I guess . Because I let you keep your badge on . Ray !
Get a life . Oh , this is some kiddie shit , Sphinx . What 's on Magnum P.I . ' s licence plate ?
No , we 're talking about a lot of money here . - A-And if you guys think you 're gon na be gettin ' into our Kool-Aid ... - Money ?
James Lakewood . Served a nickel at Folsom for auto insurance fraud . Well , gosh , I bet he just neglected to mention that to the people at Dressner Foreign Motors , huh ?
You feelin ' it ? - Y ' a// gon na make me/ ose my coo/ - Are you feelin ' it ?
Oh , he 's dirty . Oh , he 's going to town on me , Toby . - Oh , Toby .
In trouble ? - He took a boost , and he blew it . - Shit .
So sod off . You got a problem with that , take it up with Calitri . - You 're late .
Yeah , I know . Baby , I know , but listen -- I -- okay .
It says here that there are allegations of sexual abuse . It was five months before he was moved out of Campbell 's care . Oh , Jesus .
I 'm just waiting on the DNA report from Forensics , see if we can get anything on the blood . I just heard the vic , Simon Campbell , has regained consciousness up at Covenant Hospital , so I 'm gon na head over there and question him , all right ? And let me know if anything clicks with our piano man .
Nothing matches the database so far . But the maze for Jenna Marlowe was drawn in Simon Campbell 's blood . He appeared to know all of them , or at least knew facts about them .
Real talk ? You got a uniboob , your posture sucks , and your clothes fit weird because you wear the wrong size bra . Boom , real talk .
Do n't study too much , okay ? Do you need to unwind a little ? You want to make out ?
Shit just got damp . I fuckir hate that guy What you thinkir , dog ?
BLT 's cool , man . He 's just been going through a lot of tough shit lately . We all have .
Two . Stay the fuck down , bitch ! Three .
So the janitor found the poor bastard passed out in the staircase . No witnesses , no security cameras . Great .
Fuckir hit me , asshole . - Get the fuck out of here ! - Walk it back !
Ooh , tough one . - I feel your pain , Fi . - You have to choose .
I mean , you have always been there for me , JTRO . And I know I ai n't never been there for you . But ... and I know this do n't make up for none of my bullshit .
Strip . Be all exotic r shit . You know .
Look , JTRO , I know that you 're pissed . But it 's just that ...
Never Ignorant and Gettir Goals Accomplished . Now you use that shit , JTRO . You be all the nigga you can be !
I do n't want I 'm just flossin ' my moves until I make it as a dancer I 've been meaning to talk to you about that :
Come on , JTRO . I think there 's some shit you should check a look at . What is all this ?
Do n't write a check yo ass ca n't lick , nig . A'ight JTRO and bitch asses . Saturday night , be at the foundation .
[ Giggles ] Did n't Tina just rip you a new- - I ca n't say what :
There 's only one honest , impartial person on this campus [ Mimicking In Fast , Mousy Voice ] And while I admire your spunk , Miss Smith , this is a school
I need to get up out of here . I feel like I 'm going insane . Need to get out of this fucking town .
They pay hundreds of dollars -- 3 20 to be exact -- just to get my number : They raffle off the right to carry my books to class : [ Chuckling ] It 's so silly :
We almost lost you , JTRO . 'Cause of that , we 're all going to need gats . Are we really gon na need gats ?
Excuse me ? You think you 're a winner because up your bomb diggity butt ? Excuse me ?
And besides , how the fuck am I supposed to stand up for myself when I ai n't got no one to stand up for me ? Get the fuck in here and calm your kid down ! I 'm coming !
Stacy 's Dad : Stacy , where the fuck 's the beer , you little whore ? What are you , pregnant again ?
Pressure ? No , girly , you do n't know You see , I got to go out there first :
That 's quite good . - Well , your ball is in the rough , but it 's a good feeling , huh ? - Yeah .
Why would you wan na turn over when Oasis are here to see ya ? And they 're gon na play the first ever TV performance ..... of their brand-new song , it 's the best song around , ..... it is Some Might Say ! ( crowd cheers )
Um , when it came to music , movies , TV , ..... um , computer games , ..... it was all America . And I think a generation of Brits ..... who came of age in the mid- ' 90s really resented this . You know , they felt a nationalistic resentment , ..... at the fact that America enjoyed this unchallenged cultural hegemony .
There 's nothing wrong with your father . I knew you were a bitch to him , but I always thought you loved him . I do love him .
Liam started believing what was written in the NME about him . It was a good couple of weeks that he was talking in a Scouse accent . Now , I 'm all for madness in rock music , ..... I 'm all for surrealism , but ..... he was trying to convince me that , you know , ..... that I should call him John !
Basically . Did n't really ... realise that my , kind of , flippancy ..... was gon na have such , um , ... .. you know , ..... a profound sort of resonance in my life .
I 'm the supervisor . I ca n't stay around watching you learn to suck cock all my life . I 'm only here for the fucking football , to be honest .
I 've got tender breasts , I 've got weight ... What makes you even think you 're the daddy ? - What ?
To be honest , lfelt like Robin fucking Hood . After years of the banks fucking everyone over ; it was our turn to take from them .
Witness protection ? You out of your fucking mind , mate ? Well , if you change your mind , you know where I am .
Do n't be ridiculous . You ca n't just hoggle , kiss or bump bosoms and pretend everything 's all better because it 's not . Ooh , it 's kicking off out there .
Mate , it 's a big game and we are a tiny drop in a very large ocean . Look , mate , when you start with us , you 'll be a runner . Every team has four runners and a supervisor .
I would n't want you to run out . I 'm not doing anything illegal any more , so get the fuck off my phone , stop harassing me . It 's all right , fella .
♪ I 'll watch your back when you walk the line ♪ I got you , baby I got you ♪ I 'll scratch your back and you scratch mine
What , Scotty Robinson ? You run the firm , mate . You 're a fucking legend .
It was one long fucking party . I guess the theory was if we kept drinking , we 'd never see the hangover . - Where have you been ?
We 're trying to find a better way to live . You ca n't expect someone like me to buy into all this . [ Moaning ]
I 'm drowning my sorrows , actually . I have to do something on this CHICKLIT mummy porn thing for a Webcast . Hmm , look at this !
I 'm sending her home . We need to discuss this '' mano a mano . '' I really do n't think ... [ door opens ]
In fact , you wo n't . You 're gon na go and get us tickets for the match tonight . - Good seats .
Oh yeh ... they had a dirty trick up their sleeve The only had to certify me ' sane ' , ai n't they ? So before I knew it , I was back on the streets again !
Yeah . These youngers think Jones is such a bad man ... all ' cause he murdered Errol Cox for the Estate . And Errol was a fucking psycho , you get me ?
Oh yeah ! That 's a fucking piece of me ! Right that 's enough !
Well ... I am sitting here ... with uhmm ... - What 's your name ?
I know mate . Here 's an idea for ya . Find that piece of you Charles .
I was there when it was given the go-ahead . - So , when is it gon na happen ? - They 're waiting for the weapons to arrive .
I can wait all day ... ... I 'm not going anywhere fucking cunt No other fucking way ... I 'll wait ...
♪ I slipped into corners , I sat on my hands ♪ ♪ I learned to stifle the shouts and the outrage I 'm feeling deep down ♪
Mm ? I wan na tell you something else . At the start of the summer , just before I left the hospital ,
Two pints . Anyway ... he said he did it ' cause no one would give him a job . We die like fucking flies out here .
Still ... life moves on Irene and I got hitched It was alright .
You fucking frontin ' or somethin ' ? This is our end , you get me ? - Fucking bare rude , man !
I 'm down by the water , some fucking place . I 'm gon na stand in the main road . Alright !
So before I knew it , I was back on the streets again ! But Charlie B. ai n't no fucking pillow biter ( passive homosexual ) Oh no !
No comment . It 's like a catchphrase , innit ? I know you 're scared , Mark , but I ca n't help you if you do n't tell me the truth .
I just , I 've been inside my own head for way too long . I want to sing , and I wan na dance , and I wan na meet new people , and I do n't wan na look back . Look .
Exactly what she looks for in a man . Tall , dark and mysterious or just plain loaded ? I 'm not telling you .
What the fuck you want ? - I 'd like to speak to Jones . - Shut the fuck up , Milo !
One hundred and sixty eight quid . Do you know how many times we 'd have to visit Pizza Hut to get rid of all the money ? One thousand , three hundred and three point five one seven times .
Well , you know ... You should 've taught him if he 's gon na play with guns , he should learn how to use one . Them youngers , huh ?
Wait , wait , someone 's coming out of the building . Fuck me , it 's a shelter ! Request air support .
Damian ? This is that same donkey as he looks after just a few months in our sanctuary . - I think you 'll agree ...
Fucking ... So , what 's it gon na be ? Because I do n't think you can take much more of this .
Because I do n't think you can take much more of this . All right , there was this one old fella ... Fucking ...
I just made all that shit up , for my own reasons . No one 's ever fucked with me like that , you get me ? I 'm fucking sick of this .
Marky , get in the car . Marky , get in the fuckin ' car ! Yeah .
I will have you escorted back to your cell and ... What are they going to do , put me over the fucking table and spank me ? You 'd like that would n't you , you fucking faggot .
Do you want to see Leonard 's blood ? These fucking animals filmed the whole thing on their fucking phones . All right .
Everybody knows you used to shit yourself around my old man . The day you arrested him , got 6 of your mates to put him in the van while you watched , like the little pussy'ole that you are , Sergeant Hicock .
You fucking slag . Fucking dirty bitch , look at me . Look up .
Look , I 'm not stupid . It 's been 3 months now , and in gay years , we 're approaching our golden wedding anniversary . I do n't get involved with people like this .
Just listen to me and calm down , and me and you can ... An eye for an eye , yeah ? I 'm just like you .
'But it had to be done to even things up in my mind a bit . 'Think I went a bit native . 'That 's what Tommy told me . '
Do you want some little cock , hey ? Do you want some fucking cock ? - Can I help you , love ?
Fucking cunts ! I 'll fucking tear yous apart by your fucking throats ! Cunts !
Not really . - Right , well , fuck up then ! - Doing my fucking head in !
Do you want God to forgive you for something ? I do n't want anything from that fuck . - God loves you .
And yet , correct me if I 'm wrong , but we 're doing all this for their fucking kids with their tsunamis , monsoons and what have you , natural fucking disasters ! Am I right , or am I right , huh ? - You going to the bookies later ?
Come , come , move , come . It 's all right , it 's all right , a racist . Bastard .
I love this song . Oh , God , it 's gon na stay in my head for the whole day now . Shooting star ?
Presently , a bit of light housework . The defense of the realm is my bailiwick . National Interest .
Come on , Ash . Just as long as you have a fucking great time , you know , fucking get wasted . You do n't give a shit about anything , do you ?
`` in a fashionable Capri pants style. `` She has not been seen since. `` Anyone with information pertaining to her disappearance
This is them after . This is who Darius wiped out . Then he calmly called 911 to tell the police .
So what is it ? Brown nosing or sucker for punishment ? There 's no other kind of bloody fool still in the office at this time of night .
Cool , I 've dreamed about being here my whole life , man . I ca n't actually believe I 'm here .
I 've neglected them for far too long . - Yeah , but , Trix , I 'm so ... - Do n't .
20 or so . But most of them just fooling around with him . See , about 30º/ º of rattlesnake bites do n't inject any venom .
I 'm ... I 'm afraid have n't the foggiest . Her name was Mary Tremlett .
Well , you can forget it . There 's only two detectives in this nick ... me and the governor . And that 's Mr. Thursday to you , or '' sir . ''
Man 's got to kill his daddy in order to be a man ? You believe all that shit ? Your military service- You were in a transport unit .
♪ With a razor blade Yeah , it takes the piss Whether you 're prejudiced or not Man , he 's just a kid ♪ But that 's what Trevor done No one ever saw him after that
You think you 're man enough to give it to me , yeah ? I like a challenge , innit ? - You 'll lose , mate .
What were you gon na fuckin ' do ? Take the baby and go back to being a tramp ? All right , listen , listen .
Think ! Right , when I had you running around for me , right , did I take the fuckin ' piss ? You might have been sellin ' twigs and seeds , but I still looked after you .
Where the fuck is Terry ? What the fuck 's goin ' on ? Bruv , I 'm down at the Earl of Essex .
She was gon na leave me . She was gon na try to take my kids away from me . I was n't gon na let her do that .
I told you . I 'll just rob someone , innit ? What if you do n't find anyone ?
Russian gangsters , babies on trains and where the fuck 's Ed ? You walk in with Ed . Am I gon na get four grand back off Ed ?
But he just said ... Get the fuck in there ! Fuckin ' score , bruv !
Yeah , see . You fucking wo n't , will ya ? You know the-
I want some weed . Does it look like a man 's blotting over here ? Come on , man .
God ! Who the fuck do you think you are ? I 'm Mickey Skinner .
I fuckin ' had to dash it somewhere . I hid it in the pram with the baby , innit ? - What , you hid it with the baby ?
♪ Rocks nice and rocks ' em well , yo ♪ ♪ Watch ' em chop it up and make you feel so rude ♪ ♪ I met her in my dreams , she was my queen ♪
That 's half of it there . A load of bollocks , pal . You can shove it right up your arse .
Spoke to Keys . We 're still on for next week , yeah , bruv ? Next week 's no good , man .
where have i got to go ? Kelly will take you look , take that now , you can go pay for the food , while i have a chat with Kelly , allright ? i ai n't fucking doin ' it shut your fucking face- i ai n't fucking doing it shut up , she knows what she 's doing- does she fuck , she is a little kid ... i am giving her a 100 fucking quid- no i ai n't fucking ..
Got a fucking problem ? Look the fucking other away then . Can you put the toy in , please ?
Well , it will come for us all . Maybe not in matching Samsonites , but sooner or later , friends and foes , mothers and fathers , brothers and sisters , even me and you are all gon na get packed up . Yeah , but it do n't seem right .
I do n't know , where would I find someone ? ca n't go and fucking kidnap some kid , can i ? - you do n't have to , do you ?
right , it 's 11 now , i 'll meet you around 3- okay okay , do you know where the Arcade is ? - I do n't fucking know , i 'll ask someone allright , do n't be stupid , do n't talk to anyone see you later , all right ? she ai n't gon na open it , is she ?
Evening , sir . Look at the fucking state of it , Frankie . What the fuck am I gon na do ?
yeah right good , so get in there and fuck'em for me they 've come down a long way they 're good friends of mine you 're beautiful , you are , you know that ?
come on , shoot him do it do it do it pull the fucking trigger , do it do it now go back to your car fucking cunt
no- get it off him find those two girls , and if i do n't hear from you by this time tomorrow , you 're a fucking dead man get out
I do n't fucking know , i 'll ask someone allright , do n't be stupid , do n't talk to anyone see you later , all right ? she ai n't gon na open it , is she ? she ai n't fucking in there how are we supposed to get in then ?
I 'm dead ? I do n't fucking think so What 's happened to your fucking face ?
Chum , come and pick me up They cut my fucking leg off yeah i am outside the jamo ? get Kelly on the fucking phone find out where the fuck they are , they ... or something , i do n't know just get a fucking move on
what are you gon na do to me ? KELLY please what 's he gon na do ? JOANNE , JOANNE
i do n't know , he likes them young , do n't he ? did you get him a girl tonight ? and do n't fucking like to me !
Give us a light . Do you want me to take care of her ? Get the fuck out of here !
Find out who she is I am not a fucking charity 've been chilling out , allright , I ai n't made money , so I need you to do this for me
Yeah . He wants to hear it from you . Well , I 've got a fucking reply for him .
So do n't worry . Are we gon na go to jail ? I told you , no
I 'M FINE . I THOUGHT YOU MIGHT HAVE BEEN PRAYING TO THE PORCELAIN GOD , MATE . - BABE , WHAT IS IT ?
HAIRY HANDS AND HALITOSIS . I SWEAR , HE FANCIED ME . WAS IT YOU , PETE ?
The chairman does . If it 's true football is all about money , that 's the way it 's going ... well , that suits us chairmen just fucking fine . Because we 're the ones who 've got it .
Good luck in Europe . Peter , good luck in Europe . You fucking knobheads .
Let me have a go . I wan na have a go . I was sent by my chairman , Mr. Cussins .
Fuck off , fuck off . We do n't fucking want you here . Fuck off !
WHAT ? WHAT , THEN YOU 'RE GON NA KILL HIM ? Laura :
Might pinch a little like a new pair of shoes . But ... if you want your grandchildren to remember you ... as being something other than the dirty buggers you once were ... If you wan na be loved as real champions ... worthy champions ... you 're gon na have to work and improve ... and change .
But he was crack psychosed to the eyeballs . Erm , I did n't dare breathe in front of him . Erm , he got me pregnant , swore down blind it were n't his baby .
Looking for the response . - Bloody got one as well . - He 's gone berserk .
We wanted to go out with you . What , all fucking seven of you ? What do you think she is , a fucking robot ?
I do n't think that makes a difference . I hit him back once but I landed off the worst for it . - You frightened of losing the baby ?
And they always used to say to me , `` You 're gon na grow up to be such a pretty young lady . '' They says , '' You 're so pretty . ''
I used to make hundreds . It 's the easiest way for a woman to make money , innit ? Physically , it 's not , it 's not , erm , demanding .
( Lorraine ) I 'd got money off Ann but then I could n't score . Erm , and I was really , really withdrawing . He was with me that morning but , erm ,
I have all the kids . You would n't mind keeping an eye on them ? - We 'll talk when I get back .
Just do n't push it , yeah ? Nothing obvious , like a school uniform or anything crap . We did that last time , he saw right through it .
It 's a real turn-off , darling . Yeah , I was just gon na . Hey , Jackie .
Pull the other one , kid . She 's lovely to look at , but she 's not Alfred Einstein , is she ? You know what I mean ?
Aw ! Thanks , Eddie , you 're a diamond . Do you want me to ...
I wan na speak to them . I do n't want none of this breast-feeding bollocks . I 've got kids here .
Jimmy will insist on a big night out with a girl thrown in . A young girl , too , ' cause that 's how The Gent likes them . And you 're thinking that young girl might be me ?
And I am confident that this is the only way . You know , William , I had confidence in a fart once and I shat all over myself . When a body meets a body comin ' through the rye
It 's cheese mould . They 're a pair of confidence men ! You bastards !
I had to take the only one that Resurrectionist McTavish had left . That 's the third rotter I 've had from McTavish and his gang of grave robbers in the last three weeks . I ca n't go on like this .
Three days . You get rid of me . Stevie ...
I 'm gon na be the man who 's comes back home with you I 'm gon na be the man who 's coming home with you But I would walk 500 miles
The next 48 hours are crucial . She married about 48 hours . Shut up , bitch .
What 's up , ma ? You have to be a lot of toilets for delivery . I do not because you mats marries the daughter of the boss .
You mean she 's arseholed and you 're the one she 's got to call me for money ? She only ever calls if she wants money for booze . I do n't want to appear rude , but I need to keep this phone free .
Mr Rabbit does n't like going in the dizzy machine . Then he does n't have to , cos he 's perfect just as he is . And he said you can come in here if you 're scared tonight .
It was nothing to do with me , it was to do with Becky , but ... when you hang around with a girl that 's notorious for fucking everyone ... That 's why you 're here , innit ? Cos you thought , '' I 'm gon na fuck the white girl . ''
Tss ! Do n't forget I 've got the title , blood . I beat you eight times .
I 'll kill you , blood . I 'm gon na kill you , blood ! You think that 's faster than this , blood ?
I know . You try and block it out and you ca n't , so you shut everyone else out . - Fuck you , man !
It 's OK. Desmond , or Buds , or whatever you wan na call yourself , I 'm not gon na be made to look a fool in front of these people .
Where 'd you get my number from ? - She left her phone when she fucked off . - So what you up to these days ?
Fuck their tings ! If this bre hurt Henry , he 's fucking done . It 's done .
Six and a half years and that 's what you still want . You think you 're a bad man , Jay ? I thought I was a fucking bad man , remember that ?
The only pussy this fool gets - is with his right hand , man . - Yo , I got some poon last night .
I need to talk to you for a second . - I 'm running really late for work . - This will only take a second .
`` Please do n't take . '' You ai n't got no choice ! Hey , Frank , get it out of here ! All right , you do n't park in a man 's spot !
So what you been up to ? You know , playing ball , smoking weed . Messing with high school girls .
Anyone in the game on the East side knows he 's got that product . And he 's got ' em shook too , 'cause Roc do n't back down from nobody . Fuck .
God , you 're such a disgusting pig ! Shit , I was just trying to help . Oh , shit !
Come on , let 's get your shoes on . We 're gon na make a stop before you get to school . WOMAN ON RADIO :
He raped her ! Beat her up and shit . What we gon na do ?
To Jamesy Boy . Kid can kick up some fuckin ' dust . I got ta take a piss .
No , I 'm good . Hey , if you need something , hit me up . I 'll be at the crib all night .
You gon na let us in on that joint or what ? Well , I 'm saying what are you gon na do for the camera ? What do you want me to do ?
I 'm making a movie . Yeah , what 's this shit called ? `` No Pussy-Getting Motherfucker '' ?
I kicked his skinny little ass out last night . I 'll be god damned if that coward lay one more hand on me . And if you see him , tell him to come around here one more time .
He 's a '' sir '' now , huh ? Gone from an ass to sir ? - Sir Ass ai n't got nothin ' to say to your ass .
Trying to fuck her too now ? No , it ai n't nothing like that . - So you seen her ?
Yeah . - Okay , I 'll just wait , then . - No !
Huh ? You really thought you was gon na come in here and take our shit ? Ow !
We just had this dream of riding our bikes all over the world , digging wells in remote villages . So I started trying to learn how to ride and my mom found out I was hanging out down there and she hit the roof . Crazy , right ?
All right , give me a hit first . That 's what I 'm talking about . Hey , yo , Jason !
Shit , I 'll give you more than a hug , baby . All right , what 's up with the camera ? I 'm making a movie .
And pretty soon your little ones will be playing with my little ones . I 'm beside myself at the thought of having grandchildren ! Let 's get through the engagement party first , huh , kids ?
They paid him ! They pissed all over their rug . And I end up making money on 's supposed to be a strike against me .
♪ What the wise man said ♪ About that ancient thread ♪ And if you 've come looking for hard times ♪
Just calm down , okay ? You 're gon na be all right . What 's your name ?
♪ I 'm feeling all right ♪ ' Cause nothing feels like ♪ When you 're holding on
Like what ? Like you were making love to someone else . Well , if I did that , then that would be unpredictable , right ?
Two , the guards of the Y.O.S . still think they can put Humpty back together again . Which makes you soft .
Dang , Faith . I wish I had talent , something like you . You know what ?
Thanks . I do n't believe this shit . - Shit !
It could be the coup of the story . I reread A Hunger Artist on your suggestion and stole a couple things . - See if you can spot them .
And Dale ? Shit , now everyone will know . Jesus , Frank .
But not as surprised as you probably are right now . You know , if it 's any consolation , it was your boy , Mason , who brought Lucy in for me . I just thought , well , you should be proud .
Maybe Mom 's better . That 's way off base , Frank . That 's way off base .
Walt , watch out . - It 's part of the game . Fifteen-love .
Just stay here and listen right here to me . I know I fucked up big time . I said I 'm fucking sorry !
Why ? - Agency suspected for years that Federov started the war by dropping the building on his own men , then blaming it on the Chechen nationalists . Then Natalia reaches out to me .
Shit ! Mason , give us a hand with this mike , will you ? Want me to put your Corsage on too , Miss Prom Queen ?
He made his own interpretation . He 's still gon na have to give the prize money back . But obviously it 's a bigger problem .
I 'll drive here two more times a week ? You got a place on the other side of the park . If it was near here , it would n't be a problem .
I know you 're scared . But everything 's gon na be all right , I promise you . I just wanted to hear your voice .
Did you hit it ? Linda teeth maybe a large vocabulary but I do not light it . What are you ?
I came because ... This here makes me absolutely crazy . - What ?
Laundry delivery . Does this belong to monsieur ? I do n't believe it !
No ! I do not measure my dick . - You have real talent .
I 'm Tony Hendon . I 've been keepin a close eye on you . He 's a nice kid , you hear me ?
Not too bad , huh ? You 're a good kid , Harry ! As for you , Rita ...
Are you afraid that Linda hear me ? Get lost , you piece of shit , otherwise I 'm sticking out eyes on you ! - It was good .
I want it back . But my uncle left me that money . And anyway , I do n't get my inheritance until the end of the week .
No , we 're here . All the doors are locked , babe . Fuck .
Uh , thank you . Jesus , we do n't need this right now , sir . Are you okay ?
You see , I '' m a Virgo . Details do not escape me . It seems I ca n't escape you either .
We 're lonely in here , too . - Round the world is $ 200 . - Mm , mm , mm .
And he never kept his end of the bargain up , either . And I fucking hated him for that . I took a shower for , like , three hours and I promised myself I would never care what Simon thought about me ever again .
I 'm over it ! The bitch wants you , then she 's not good enough for me anyway ! Who the fuck are you , Mary J. Blige ?
You listen to me , you motherfucker . If you do not call off your goons , I will make 1,000 copies of that video and I will send one to every newspaper , every television station in the world .
Husband run off with her best friend , only son killed in Iraq . I have to tell you , when it comes to suffering , she 's right up there with the blessed savior . Hmm .
The plans are already made . Your sister 's driving all the way in . I 'm making lamb stew .
I saw it on the news . Those doctors , they take out those six packs , and they throw in some dry ice and a heart , and off they go . Well , do you know how long you have to wait ?
Just stick one in the fuse box . There 's an overload of goodness . What is that ?
I could kill Jackson right now . It 's my experience that Eatenton women got veto power . Come .
Give him a break . Hust give him one goddamn break . Lucy , say your good-byes .
Truvy , can you make some quick magic ? I know I look like 10 miles of dirt road . Let me get my magic wand and my fairy dust .
At my age , a knock after dark is a dream come true . When I saw my nephew 's face , it was a major letdown . TRUVY :
You 'll be a very good Girl Scout . Sam , we need to talk . What are you doing ?
The only reason people are nice to me is because I got more money than God . I am not about to open up a new can of worms . Now , you know that negative attitude M'Lynn told you about .
Do n't put that on me , Chuck . You lost interest in me when I ran out of drama . Oh , but Sherry ,
Come on . We 'll make a man of you yet . Maybe she 'd like to hear some music .
Jon , shush ! - They 're kids , for Christ 's sake ! - So what ?
How much longer you got ? All right , everyone , three more weeks until the final . If you have any questions or concerns , please feel free to e-mail me .
Oh ! - Come on , baby , cum ... cum ... Mm-hm !
That is a dime . Nah , she 's hot , but it 's not a dime . I do n't even mess with blondes like that , but that there is a dime !
What about you ? You were kicking it to pony-tail , right ? - How did it go ?
Definitely not . She keep her shit tight , you can tell . - No .
I agree . And you 're not allowed to make me feel like a fucking slut for fucking who I want , because I 'm allowed to , because I am single . You are not .
I did n't mean for it to be a big thing . I thought you could use something better than that shit you 're watching on your phone . Am I right ?
Just ' cause you do n't pick up your phone do n't make you busy . - You smashed up somebody 's car ? - Who told you that ?
# Good vibration # It 's such a sweet sensation # It 's such a good vibration #
No ! You 're gon na get me fired ! Oh , gross !
Stop upsetting your mother ! What the fuck is the matter with you ? - I do n't know .
All right . Why are you so good at blackjack ? 'Cause when I was younger ,
I do n't know how much of this he expressed to you how deeply proud he was of you when you joined the service . And I know both he and your mom would be proud to see the way that you stepped up for your brother , Jimmy . - Real proud .
♪ Like the Great One said ♪ '' It 's a crock of crap '' ♪ And that was the end of that ♪
But then what ? Cat 's out of the bag now . This changes everything .
We 'd like to hear about that . I got ta take a leak . You 're out of line , man .
This guy I know , he 's gon na put me in some Internet start-up , sells shoes on line or some bullshit . It was our future , and I did n't want to give it to them . Now , how fucking stupid is that ?
Not give you , but as a credit . Oh , I was like , '' I love gambling ! '' Yeah , you just went ...
Step three . Make the decision to turn up well in our lives over to the care of God as we understood him . Now .
There were special circumstances regarding mrs kristo . Her husband tried to haggle with me . Sliced the price .
Oh , you know . Shit , I 'm gon na remember that shit . That 's all right .
You sure you do n't want a soda or something , honey ? I know you just love to give a young black male like myself one of your sperm killer sodas , but no , thank you , ma'am . I 'll stick with the water .
What do you say , pal ? Does this strike a chord ? You got 2 hours to get the money together .
I tried to stop them , bro , all right ? You 're supposed to have my back . Hold on .
We get to see that the girl 's all right . - And then you people come down on us . - You 'll have the girl covered .
Did you call the number , chief ? I ca n't believe you let your sister marry this pig . She was always bringing home strays .
I love you so much . That girl 's been acting like a mental patient for 12 hours . He 's still here .
He beat the crap out of any kid whoever teased me . You know , he always said , '' Pauli , it 's you and me against the world . '' My point is , I had the opportunity to be a nice kid and Connor did n't .
It 's adorable . Oh , honey , if I was jealous , why am I , at this very moment , heading upstairs to close out my hat trick of bridesmaids ? Maybe you 're terrified of being alone with your empty hollow soul for even a minute .
You need my help . Are you still as good a shot as you used to be ? Muscle memory lasts a long time .
Huh ? The wooing is actually not for my benefit . Mm .
Ray ! Looks like you 're a little short handed . You need my help .
Look at how cute you were . I want to squeeze you . - Yes !
Where Cortez ? The Sheriff went after him . I 'm more concerned about him right now than I am about Cortez .
Just picture yourself in the arms of such a goddess . Welcome to my world , to the excruciatingly erotic world of Wild Velvet . We bring you all the ladies that Victoria ...
Arctic storms moving into Northern California should cause temperatures in the L.A. basin to drop as much as 25 degrees . Although temperatures have been within normal ranges for this holiday season , these temps are highly unusual . Come on , Lucky .
He 's wearing their team colors . You ca n't fuck with me , or what ? All right .
Thank God . Let 's fill her up , save these yahoos and get out of here . King 1-2 , we have visual .
And there 's your two kids . You got ta get them back . Do you think you 'll love them ?
Just please keep it down . How you doing , sweet pea ? Oh , you scared me tonight .
Yeah , I 'm working . Want to come with your daddy ? Shoot some pool ?
Oh , yeah . Fuck your ' do , and fuck your whores . Who you calling a whore , you little bitch ?
It 's $ 2221 . Are n't we a little short ? We were sharing up last night .
Get down there and get dressed and get on the fucking stage now . We need to talk now . Well , lookie , lookie , Cookie .
I mean , come on . She 's a stripper , you know ? They call it exotic dancer .
But he 's always happy when he goes . So I know he 's got ta be okay . Absolutely okay .
What happened ? They had a sale on kids ' shoes at Ames . Sorry .
And I go down to his study and I hand him the paper . And he gives me the face . And I 'm like , '' What ? ''
When it breaks my heart When it breaks my heart When it breaks my heart
That I pay for ? Why would I want to watch my kids play Little League ? Why the fuck would I want to sleep in the same bed as my wife ?
My dummy Capital One card . Hope he goes for it . Okay , I see it .
Pink underwear works . Raymond Vincent Calitri did fîve years in South London for manslaughter . - He immigrated in ' 98 .
Thank you . So you gon na let me see them ? Of course .
There are thousands of exploited servers on the Internet so he wo n't run out of victims soon . He 's accessing these machines so quickly he 's got to be running his own botnet . We are blackholing these IPs but every time we shut one down , a new mirror pops up .
Better . Mrs. Tischler 's gon na give us a second chance . - A second chance at what ?
This guy breached my laptop . He must 've owned Griffin 's too . Figured out where he was vulnerable .
Eleanor tell you that ? - Well , now , that 's hittin below the belt . Yeah , all right , let me tell you about '' below the belt , '' Randall .
You lazy , half-ass bully ! Any asshole can pull a gun on somebody ! You do n't know the fîrst thing about stealing a car !
7 : 30 . I think I 'm gon na have to get you out of town or something . Your brother 's the best boost in the world , but I do n't know if he 's gon na make this one .
You do n't say ? I think I felt it poking out my butthole . So far down my throat .
On one condition . You got ta ask me in monster voice . - Wesley .
Get this ... I tell you , I 'm running this shit ! You do that again , I will kick ...
Is that what it felt like ? That I had n't made out with anyone in a while or whatever ? Well , I mean , I 'm more of a tongue guy myself , but ...
' Cause it gets in the way . Because you ... you would n't want to disrupt the , uh , synchromesh , right ? Or the throttle linkage .
He 's not gon na do it . It 's not gon na happen , man . Come on , dog .
Step into my hallway . I do n't play favorites , but you 're my favorite . You ever heard the phrase , '' The pen is mightier than the sword '' ?
Yeah , unless you get the laser-cut transponder key ... sent directly to the U.S. Dealer from Hamburg . They got somebody working on the inside . Let 's fînd out which dealership sold ' em , who serviced ' em , et cetera , et cetera .
Can we just ... ? Can we just cool it for a second ? Okay , here 's my offer .
No , no . I mean , he 's kind of hot , but he 's not God 's gift . No .
Bianca . Just the gal I was hoping for . Hello .
[ knocking at door ] Are you fucking kidding me ? What the -- listen , you little shit , whatever the fuck your name is , if you expect to come back here tomorrow and have a job --
How 'd you find this place ? I used to run up here a lot with Pepper , and she would always make a direct beeline to this rock . I remember Pepper .
It says , '' That mannequin just made out with a five . '' Oh , my God , he called her a five. `` Bianca Piper 's ass means the terrorists have won . ''
Okay , next up , final assignment , all right ? It 's a doozy , but it 's a real feather in the cap for any reporter worth their salt that wants to comment on the social life of this school . Anyone ?
Look , I 'm sorry , B. I know it sucks , but maybe it 's the universe telling you , you need to be there . Please , do n't start with the universe with me this early in the morning , okay ?
Ugh , can you say '' slut '' ? - I heard she gave him a blumpie . - Ew .
Whatevs ! S my D you cheatir potato sprout bitch ! - Yeah , Bitch !
Oh , shit ! Yo , bitch , I been pagir yo ass all fuckir night , nigga ! Where the fuck is you ?
Oh shit . Shit 's tough in the FP , bitch ! No !
Alice , you 'll make sure she stays ? For my peace of mind . Okay .
Huh ? Why the fuck you bail out of the FP in the first place , bitch ? Oh yeah . ' Cause your bitch ass bro took a fuckir dirt nap !
A'ight , JTRO and bitch . If you want to do this legit , you need street cred before you deserve to face my ass . Check yourselves out at the 138 .
Have a drink . It 'll chill your shit out . What the fuck is this ?
It 's DC . You get your shit straight or what , dog ? Yeah .
Yes , I can look it up . Just give me one second here . [ computer beeps ]
You 're our new varsity cheerleading squad : It 'll be a thrill to work with the new : bomb diggity : Now if you 'll excuse me , ladies , I have a lunch date :
Beliee ' dat ! Shit goes south , drops like it 's hot ... This way we can back the 248 the fuck up .
Beat that chump then maybe we 'll talk about a match . Why wo n't you just face me right now ? Politics , bitch !
Who 's it gon na be ? It 's gon na be me , motherfucker ! Three , two , one .
There 's a logical order and the sooner you learn it , the better : See , way up here at the top of the ladder Right :
Yo , make it snappy . I ai n't waitir all day , bitch . Gon na have to walk your dumb ass to my house .
BTRO , ya heard ? All ya 'll motherfuckers know what I 'm talking about ! JTRO !
That , my friends , was the bitchin ' sound This next track is dedicated to all the guys out there whose and devoured for breakfast by cute , peppy , social-climbing Give me a '' '' Hey : '' Give me a '' '' Ho : '' Give me a
And we need your help . We ca n't take out L Dubba E and his bullshit ass shit alone . We gots to '' Beat-Beat '' this shit right again .
That shit 's deluxe ! Yo kicks got smiles humped all up my face . Say what ?
Yo , yo , yo . You 're lucky you even get a tent , nig . I do n't even get a room .
This amateur squad is just a speed bump : on the way to nationals : Excusez-moi :
I do n't think you want me to do that . I think you 'll find I bloody well do . Is that you , Carl ?
He 'd stayed up to watch the election all night , ..... and I asked him how he managed to stay up all night . And he leant into me and said ..... '' Probably not by the same means you did . '' And at that point I thought '' You fuckin ' smartarse . ''
And you hear what you want to hear . But answer me this , brother What corporation does n't know how many positions it 's got available ?
`` You do n't look like rock stars , you look like dicks in tights . '' Like summat off a pantomime , d'you know what I mean ? It was time for some real lads to get up there and take charge .
Oi ! There are seven people in this room tonight ..... who are giving a little bit of hope to young people in this country . That is me , our kid , ..... Bonehead , Guigsy , Alan White , ..... Alan McGee and Tony Blair .
Is it ... worth dying for ? - Put the gun down , Black . You started this , now it 's in play !
Oh my ! Are n't you a busy bee ? - Grace , this is Grant .
Well I think you 'll find Walter is quite set in his . You just leave him to me , dear . - Why could n't I just do that .
He 's an enemy of the group , and a distraction ! Are you gon na give me a hand ? One , two ...
Are n't you ? And you , Dark , are a shrink . Psychologist or psychiatrist ?
Nobody from housekeeping came in . Look at the fucking state of the place . We 're trying to keep a low profile , which is ... [ phone rings ]
I ask you , what the fuck is all that about , you know ? When the record-shop doors opened this morning , ..... battle commenced . The chances are both singles could have been number one ..... had they been released on separate weeks .
On jobs abroad , Eddie always used a local money mover . Drop the cash with him , and his mate back in the UK gives you the same amount minus his 10 % fee . It may be a little costly , but it was worth the price to keep things flowing .
And he said that he thought it was , er , an 11 out of 10 , ..... which it was , ..... and you sort of knew that this was gon na be the new force . Robbie Williams making music kind of like Oasis . So once he was doing it , ..... you knew it was over , that was the moment it was finished .
♪ that we 're gon na be feeling good today ♪ and keep on lovin ♪ and keep on lovin ' ...
Oi , Mike . - Come on , you fucking mug ! - Dickhead !
Can you imagine what Jen would say ? And I 'm about to do a Webcast slagging it all off . [ Stammering ] But ... but none of us are novelists .
Wimbledon . Just wish I was a bit older to put a bet on . Fuck the Scousers , eh ?
Your muggy little pals had better pay up . Otherwise I 'm gon na chop you to bits , my son . - Fuck you .
I mean , you wrote the bloody book , and now you 're coming over here all sanctimonious . I kept my end of the bargain . You keep yours .
How about a nice massage ? Do n't knock it till you 've tried it . I 've had plenty of massages .
It 's nice having a visitor . I thought you 'd be off getting yourself rubbed up the right way , whenever you got the chance . Well , to be honest .
Somebody wants to say hello . Oh , by the way , does French cock taste the same as English ? You 'd fucking know , son .
Of course it 's gold dust ! - it 's not gon na make a ticket appear ! - Are you done ?
But you would n't wan na get on his bad side . - Stealing from banks was no problem . - Dan .
For sure there mate ! - Would you like a cup o ' tea mate ? - Thanks Mickey , love one .
That 's perfect cover . Hey , you know you 're the first bloke I 've sent in ... who she did n't tell , to fuck off ? Good job .
James , paddle . Oh , I love her , she 's an English rose . But I bet she 's 30 .
Luton 's where it 's at . Well fuck me inside out ! Come in my dear boy , you 're just in time for cocktails .
Then we 're gon na need drums and a bass . Ugh , but I do n't want any other people in the band . I think we can make a nice sound .
What you lookin ' at ? I can feel you lookin ' at me , Charlie . - Do you want me to do your nails ?
♪ His baby is sleeping below ♪ ♪ He 's a loving kind of guy ♪ ♪ He goes to church every day ♪
I shit you not , he stuck the place up , at fucking gun point . They bagged him up for 2 years . 2 years !
♪ I fried my head , I 'm not a brunette ♪ ♪ I 'm a down and dusky blonde ♪ ♪ I am living in a tree ♪
Fucking hell ... it 's a bitch . Go on get some of that rubbed on my back you cunt . Huh ?
I know . Be back in a while , yeah ? - Miller ...
Give me that . Do n't make me lose money , bruv . Hold it , hold it .
Look . I do n't care , just get in the car , will ya ? We 're going ' .
We 're the enemy , at war with ourselves . Where 'd you say you served ? Afghanistan ?
Are you a fucking psychologist now ? Did you stab him , Noel ? I 'll stab you with my fucking cock .
That 's all bollocks . I just made all that shit up , for my own reasons . No one 's ever fucked with me like that , you get me ?
Look at that . Or if you want to get a bit old school , I 've got just the thing for ya .
Tell her that . Can I use your loo ? - Well I 'm not sure ...
And if you 've got faith in people that makes them stronger . And you , you 've got enough to sort all three of you out . Hey ?
2 world wars and 1 ... Shut the fuck up , Kenneth . What do you want a gun for , brother ?
Alright ? And I 'll have a word upstairs ... See if I can get somebody on your case more permanent .
Yeah . Cos you wanted this yesterday , brother . You want to do this shit ?
Polly ! Now that 's what I calla dead parrot . I love this .
What 's important is that you enjoy doing it , maths , and you do , do n't you ? So whether you get on the team or not , you 're gon na do amazing things in the future . You have n't .
I was really looking forward to fitting your kitchen . Yeah , listen , the battery on my phone 's running low . I 'll give you a call next --
Mmm , distance geometry . Where 'd you learn all this , mate ? Mr Humphreys just joined our maths department .
Which worries me . You need to focus if you 're gon na win a medal . And do n't be distracted by your Chinese guest .
And then I want ... You can suck this dick , mate . I 'll suck your dick !
I stand no fucking chance , do I ? You 're in the fucking hotel , and you do n't believe me . ( both chuckling )
Come on ! Want to smell my fanny ? You normally do , do n't you ?
What else we got ? Ah , he 's a fucking wank ... Sorry .
And it was like boom , boom , boom , boom . And I swear if I put a cup of tea on the sideboard , you 'd see the same ripples in my tea . So I called her the Tyrannosaur .
Mum ! Mum , they stole my bunny ! Sam !
With my pen . Which he must have nicked when he tried to plant the table in my head . Oh , actually , it 's not my pen .
Do n't worry about it , babe . It 's all part of the deal . Take as much as you like .
Tara ! - I told you , she ai n't here , man , stop this ... You know what ?
Listen , I got ta go , all right , babe ? Yeah , I love you , too . Bye .
He 'd just murdered his wife and children . Why does n't he just blow his brains out ? We 've got four anomalies- or is it five ?
It 's disgusting , man ! I 'll have to change its fuckin ' nappies now ! Give me the gun while you do that .
What ! Lisa , what did you say , man ? Once again , we have a capacity crowd here at the World Championships for what promises to be a fantastic final for the women 's 4 X 100 metres ...
Oh , bloody hell ! He 's always spoiling things , is n't he , eh ? - Carol !
I had to be , man , to get through that . So , what , the party was crap ? Yeah .
♪ Yeah , you know my manors ill My manors ill ♪ You could get lost in this concrete jungle New builds keep springing up outta nowhere ♪ Take the wrong turn Down a one-way junction
♪ We 're poor round here Run home and lock your door ♪ Do n't come round here no more You could get robbed for ♪ Real , yeah , because my manors ill
♪ They ai n't cats ♪ They 'd rather wait Until I 've turned my back , no turnin ' back ♪ Maybe now 's the time To turn to crack I 've learnt the facts
It 's the wrong fucking number ! I think it 's number eight ! No , number nine !
I wo n't have to call you '' cunt '' no more . Call me what you fucking like . I ai n't the cunt who 's banged up .
All you got ta do is wait for him to get released , and we 'll have a big fucking party , okay ? Don Barber is not long for this fucking life , okay ? I can assure you that .
Then who the fucking fuck is this ? I 'm a , uh ... friend of Don 's . Don ai n't got no friends .
Bruv- - She did n't take your phone , innit ? Fuck her .
Do n't know . I said , where the fuck is he ? I do n't ...
Got my phone ? - Nah , I 'm getting ' it now . - What do you mean you 're getting it now ?
♪ Never miss a cheap thrill When it comes their way ♪ Let 's go looting No , not Luton ♪ The High Street 's closer Cover your face
Stay there , do n't open the toilet to anyone . Please , you do come back.-Yeah , I promise , I will .
Better drink up . Gon na be late for the big show . Then what are we waiting for ?
well you 've already fucked someone before , have n't you ? that 's what you just told me and i can tell by your face ... so you go play with him and i give you 100 quid . when ?
D tell him how to get there what you made them a cup ? yeah , well i made one for everyone after what they 've done , you think they deserve a fucking drink , do you ?
get her over there / do n't burry her/ she is just a fucking kid let go , please .. - fucking get off me , you fucking cunt fuck off- get off me fucking get , fucking off me bitch- fucking cunt ! JOANNE !
What for ? - I wan na see the sea huh , come on then who 's that ?
erek right , now go and get looking . I need her for tonigh Kelly i want these fags- what ? well i got none .. - well take them then , allright ?
..... - yeah , we need money for the train can we to the Arcade , i wan na get this toy right , for a bit fucking rip-off , look the claws are all loose could 've bloody bought 2 by now yeah , you 've got to win it , ai n't you ? well hurry up then that 's it go on shit well- go on , go again
What if I just go and tell the others ? Well , where is the coin ? 'Cause they do n't count in the great equation of life and fucking death .
Joanne So you 're gon na come upstairs with me ? Now ?
I 've fucking had enough . Nobody wants his fucking head on a plate more than me ! And I 'm gon na do it myself .
I 've left my phone in the flat , fuck ! right , it 's 11 now , i 'll meet you around 3- okay okay , do you know where the Arcade is ? - I do n't fucking know , i 'll ask someone allright , do n't be stupid , do n't talk to anyone see you later , all right ?
why have i got to wear this ? 'cause Derek told me you had to Do you know ... where this place is ?
What are you talking about ? it 's only been an hour since you called me well , i did tell you it was fucking urgent- well i did n't have the money for a cab , did i ? so i had to get a bus you got Even ?
IT SEEMED LIKE I WAS ONLY THERE A FEW MINUTES . AND IT WAS LIKE THIS -- THIS BANGING , YOU KNOW , LIKE SOMEONE WAS THERE .
HE WANTED A STRIPPER . YEAH , NOT '' FAT FANNY , THE TRANNY GRANNY . '' OH , YEAH .
What ? And you 'd sooner fester down there with all those bloody Tories in that blue- rinse retirement home by the sea ? Brighton 's a small club , I 'll give you that .
IT COMES DOWN TO YOUR LIFE OR HIS . WHO ARE YOU GON NA CHOOSE ? PLEASE , PETE .
Car keys on the table and out . We 're gon na create a footballing dynasty here . Derby could be one of the greats .
David , you 're upsetting your mother . I 'll thump that bastard in a minute . His son 's dead and he ai n't bothered .
It was different , you know . He was a sugar daddy , for want of a better term . He provided me with my drugs whenever I rang up , you know .
But I suppose that 's just how it is , innit ? Erm , I do n't really want to talk about it . She rung me one day and I 1471 ' d it and it were summat like Angels , erm ...
Act 2 , Scene 6 . The lads are sat on a wall talking about the girl . Fucking Paki lover .
You might learn something , Irishman . 251 goals in 274 starts . I 'd like to see Don- fucking
So you and your sort , you stay away from me , you hear ? And if you ever come back , I 'll do you ! And you wanted the best for her .
After 12 days I to get out . I went to the doctor 's cos all this had happened with the pregnancy . He found me at the doctor 's .
I was on stage thinking , '' Keep it together , do n't start crying . '' My eyes were welling up as well . I was thinking , '' I 've got to keep this together here . ''
You know what I mean ? Babe , would you do us the honours ? Sure , Eddie .
It 's a fuck of a lot of money . I 'm guessing Eddie must have at least 250 large stashed at his place . Money like that could go a long way to helping out a couple of amigos .
Four ? It 's gon na be a good night , sweetie . Why do n't you get me a fresh drink to wash these down with ?
That music was so beautiful . Yeah , apart from that little wobble I had . Yeah .
We 'll talk when I get back . - Yeah , but I 've got to be somewhere , though . MARY :
She only knew her for three years . She 'll be doing handstands soon as that cab 's round the corner . William .
Jermaine here 's gon na stick to you like glue , 2417 to make sure you get it . So do n't disappoint me , yeah ? I wo n't , Leroy .
They leave me alone . You 'll even earlier in prison if you attack me . I love this fucking country .
Ere humane statute purged the gentle weal ... Ay , and since , too , murders have been committed . Too terrible for the ear !
Your wife has me last night sucked . Put him in the van . Now .
You 'll even earlier in prison if you attack me . I love this fucking country . For me it is created .
Usually the programs . Ma 's was not on the menu . Mushrooms Stroganoff though .
Miss Hawkins and Mrs. Hare , either you keep quiet , or I 'll have you both shot ! `` Wee Captain Tam McLintoch of the Edinburgh Militia `` has apprehended the perpetrators of the notorious West Port murders .
all rallying around saying , '' You 'll get over it . How about a nice cup of Rosie ? '' A bit unfair .
Different from all the people I know . About a hundred grand a year different , I should 've thought . You make me feel like I 'm missing out on the simple things in life ...
We 're chatting away and all of a sudden you turn to me and you ruffle my hair . That 's all ... you ruffle my hair . And we smile because we understand one another .
And they got away with it . Cos we 'd gone there , to the gym , after hours , to meet this instructor and his mate . She did n't tell me there was gon na be seven mates .
I wan na ask you for that favour . No , I ai n't got it , but ... it wo n't take me long to get it .
This guy ... that killed our best friend ... just come out of jail , innit ? - And I want us to go get him back .
I 'm not going jail for you . I 'm not going jail for no one to call me Abigail , call me some next man 's chick . Burn that , man .
I 'll take you on , bruv . Listen , Jay , I do n't think this is a good idea , you know . Come on , blood .
Why do you think she 's always giving me As ? You do n't get As , blood . - Who do n't ?
When Dabs called , I just left her- legs up , gash out , everyting . Let me call Henry , man . Fuck this .
You made this happen . I fucking hate you for it . I 'm here not just for you ,
Where 's your brother ? He 's asleep , just like I was before you came knocking on my door , man . I ca n't believe this motherfucker raped her , man .
Candace is gon na be there with me . If she sees you , she 's gon na know something went down with us , so do n't . All right , peace .
Some evil motherfuckers wake up one day and decide they 're just gon na take out a whole section of the human race . Come up in here wanting a gun Shit !
I ca n't say . You ca n't say'cause you did n't get shit . You wan na smell my dick ?
Learn early . You piss a man off , he will get even ! Do n't you talk to my kid !
Check him out . Check him -- oh , hey , yo . Hey , yo !
Hey . I just did n't know my big tough gangster had a soft and chewy centre . What ?
My daddy touches me . Tanya , shh , you do n't have to tell him shit . Can I touch you ?
Nah . I 'm just wondering why a bigger mano like you only has the heart to fuck with the punks . Fuck you .
Just in case I wan na shoot somebody . Hold up , hold up , hold up ! Do n't ball yet .
Why do n't you tell him , inmate ? I do n't give a fuck about you . LT .
That was a mistake , all right ? We made a mistake , that 's all . - I got a girl .
What did you do ? Walk on , that 's what you need to do ! - What did I do ?
Sweetie , you did n't eat with the babysitter ? You know , there 's a pizza joint right up the block here . You want to take a walk ?
I 've been puttin in Roc 's pocket , he 's gon na start taking me more seriously . I ai n't nobody 's bitch , Crystal . Grimey , fuck this .
Messing with high school girls . - You started playing ball again ? - Yeah .
You do n't get into a fight for a week , I 'm supposed to think you grew a heart . Somebody 's gon na hurt him ?
You are drunk . Go home and sleep it off . No , no , Mother .
Break it up ! He has to be a dumbass for fighting my idiot brother . Yeah , I told them .
Give him ... Let 's get the fuck up out of here , man . Damn !
No , for Chris -- If I ca n't afford to make the distinction ... you think I 'm an asshole because it 's fun ? I do it ... because that 's how my guys survive .
Okay . Let me paint you a picture , Jamesy Boy . One year from now , and we kicking it at the club , doing better than ever , wearing rollies .
Uh ... You made love to me like ... Like , uh ...
What ? You gon na sleep all day ? It 's almost noon .
Stay still . Be still and shut the hell up . Fuckin ' pigs ' teeth were easier than this shit .
At least I 'm being honest with them . I 'm not looking to hook up . I just want to have some fun .
I do n't give a fuck about the people I 've killed . If by some stroke of pure luck you manage to kill me , then I wo n't give a fuck about that either . That was quite a speech .
A shrink . Seems sort of like an ordinary guy . Not an intellectual .
Target is male , Caucasian , 35 to 40 . - Wan na bet your life on that ? - No .
Nevada . Dude , we 're going right through Nevada . - We got him .
Yes , to him . I do n't know if he 's too in your head , and maybe you 're mad because you never had a daddy , I do n't know , and frankly I do n't care .
Signal sucks out here . You 're right , it does suck . - Hey , you want one of these ?
No . This is my scenario , I make the rules . Come on , kid .
As you can see , your circumstances are very peculiar . And believe me , we did n't want to shock you with this . I 'm sure by now you can appreciate where we 're coming from .
Hold on a sec . Why would this guy go to all the trouble to hack into MIT , and then , you know , just taunt us like this ? The same reason anyone does anything .
And where are we exactly ? When our car broke down , we kind of got lost . That 's okay .
And now the moment when France unveils yet another of her wonders . Mesdames et messieurs , I give you the delicious bon bon of the French Riviera , Dominique du Monaco ! Comment ça va ?
Okay , thanks . I 'm gon na go use the phone , okay ? I 'm gon na get us help .
All right , nobody move ! And nobody say one word about these glasses . I look awful in ' em , do n't I ?
Good night . Then there 's the big day . Are we ready ?
What is wrong with you ? Boy , what 's going on with your leg ? Come on .
Hello . Say that he is ok. Is he ok ?
But you 're the one that always told me to run toward something and not away from it . Yeah , well , that was before all this shit . What are you doing ?
I think that too . - You got yourself some scratch , what ? - I 'm much better already .
Until then , you 're an old guy in the 20s . You 're a hot artist in New York surrounded by groupies and rævslikkere . But it will not be enough for you .
Not yet , we have n't . Not by a long shot . You see , there 's a loophole .
I 'm sorry . He ​ ​ has some sick ideas about girls . - Women , Aaron .
Hell , I envy you , kid ! You can see that view and taste that caviar . All I can do is sit here and stare .
I want to do something for you . I 'd like so very much to kiss you in a special place . Uh , am I ...
May I get you something , mademoiselle ? - No , thank you , I 'm working . I said move it , Vinnie !
Yeah , the turtle died , Frank . I suppose that 's a shame . The problem is Joe 's a mama 's boy .
He 's taunting me . He 's like the Zodiac Killer . Okay , the worst thing you can do is hope right now .
You want to order some food ? The fuck is wrong with you ? [ cell phone rings ]
Empty is the head that wears the crown . I entered the Miss Dairy Queen my senior year . Miss Clairee , who won the title your year ?
I can feel it in my bones . I 'd put my money on those bones . I 'm in .
There , my secret 's out . I 'm having an affair with a Mercedes-Benz . We are in the house of the Lord .
If you can type , you can achieve a past . Annelle , come meet Clairee Belcher , first lady of Chinquapin . Former first lady .
I'II get some juice . Truvy , I got some candy in my purse . Shelby , hold on , baby .
Uh , it has an eagle on it , the snake 's natural enemy. `` You 're miles above the rest . '' ( chuckles )
The problem with Joseph 's habit is that one day there will be an actual emergency or violent crime coming from this house . Yeah , well , the night is still young . Uh , Mr. Toy , are you familiar with '' The Boy Who Cried Wolf '' ?
That ai n't funny . Okay , okay , okay , okay , look , look , no more transplant jokes . Daddy does n't like it .
Nobody hears me . Diabetics have healthy babies all the time . Not with chronic kidney disease .
There was this album cover where he had that leather jacket on . He just looked so cool , you know . My dad used to sing that song to me ,
No . Well , if you ever do , give her a high hairy one for me , huh ? Maybe you can hook me up with some of them rocker chicks .
What do you mean ? I 'm not like a junkie . Come on , that 's stupid .
No , like every day ? - Every guy watches porn every day . All right .
You know that ? You 're so fuckin sweet , baby . You 're sweet .
Open the door ! Sam , open the goddamn door . If you do n't care enough to open the door , I 'm out of here .
The expensive wedding , and they drive off into the sunset . Everyone knows it 's fake , but they watch it like it 's real fucking life . She was the most important thing to him .
How do you figure ? Junkies are people who do n't know who they are . Whereas alcoholics , on the other hand ,
Do I have to ? Yeah , we 're getting Dave a plaque . Yeah .
! What the fuck 's the matter with you ? I said look at this play , I said it right to you !
At least I got a face , huh ? At least I got a face now to put on the assholes That screwed up her life .
Definitely . Look , sweetie , I 'm gon na go , OK ? Do n't call me anymore .
Oh , that 's right , Kathy . Why do n't you hang out for a little bit ? Oh .
'Cause I sure do n't want a family . Maybe one day , but not right now ! - Well , and that 's all she wanted .
This is like college . I have never done this before , but I 'll talk to the pit boss . We 'll give you another $ 1,000 !
But I ca n't send you to Florida . This magazine does n't have the resources to shell out For something that 's going to be a one-pager .
You hit that ? No , I did n't , you fucking alcoholic , I saw you after she left . - Fuck you , Jonny !
You got the opportunity to inspect the money . We get to see that the girl 's all right . - And then you people come down on us .
Then maybe I 'm not a man . 'Cause I sure do n't want a family . Maybe one day , but not right now !
Everything good with you ? - What 's the matter with this guy ? - Come here , you animal !
# It 's such a sweet sensation # It 's such a good vibration # It 's such a sweet sensation #
That 's a good boy . Now , I have to post guards . The horses do n't run far .
Does she have a male clone ? She 's got a brother , but he 's weird as fuck . I 'll take it .
Yeah . 'Cause figuring it out 's kind of the boring part . Totally .
Shit , I do n't know what that means . - Well your dad worked two jobs , barely made ends meet , right ? And then , God bless them , but he and your mother die and they leave you with a house with two mortgages and a pile of hospital bills .
I had one of these , and then I said , `` I 'm gon na have one of those , '' and then here I am .
Do n't worry about it . We 're gon na think of something . All right .
You want to deal , or you want to slap ? I want you to deal . No , I want you to deal .
I quit my own ass . I 've never met anybody that type before . Type ?
They do that , you know . Throw their rubbers and their empties into the pond . You see the corpse across the street ?
Open up . We got ta figure this thing out . You just shot that -- You just killed that man .
Forget the cops . Of course they 'll be all over us in the beginning . But we got a rock-solid alibi , and all we got ta do is stick with it .
Ty , come on . Promise me you 're gon na think about it . Ty !
Look . Ty , he was gon na land us in jail anyway . Do n't you understand ?
No . The problem is you date a girl for two weeks , get her to fall in love with you ... He takes the love and he hoard it , like a miser .
Jesus . Oh , no , ca n't get his belt off ! You should have seen the look on your face .
Mm . Some figs would 've been nice . [ SCOFFS ]
Damn . The plates on that truck checked out . Nevada registry , The driver is one Burrel Thomas .
Why ? Well , he crashed a party on some bad guys moving ' a half ton of coke . He took home the Medal of Valor .
Hostage is visible inside the vehicle . He 's almost on you , chief . Copy that .
Finally . - Pete Hastings , eat your heart out . - Ha , ha .
I 'm more concerned about him right now than I am about Cortez . Looks like you 're both in luck . Look at that .
You 're the one thats going to be cleaning it for me anyway . As soon as we get you patched up . Do you think Frank would be jealous if he saw us the two of us like this ?
Connor , spooning is nice . Yeah , but not as nice as forking . - Am I right ?
I really did n't mean to knock that table over back there . I-I just- I do n't know what happened . I just-I 'm so- I 'm so nervous , because I really like you , and I know this is our first date and everything , and I know that it 's probably not the way that you wanted it to turn out , but I can be better .
I 'm so sorry , baby . I love you , sweet pea . Let it go !
I 'm talking removal from our dungeon in the Crow 's Nest to our own place . It 's no great shakes but you got ta begin with a baby shake , right ? Forever love , Bobby .
What do we have ? Looks like massive PE , and his right ventricle is starting to give out . Tell blood bank we need three units now .
Hey , talk to me , J . Talk to me . I 'm all busted up , cap . Ca n't breathe .
Sully was the first one to go in . So I guess you 're the big hero here . Well , you 'd have done the same for me .
You all right ? You 're short a boot , rookie ! Beats a leg , do n't it ?
More than most of our fish weigh . Skipper say anything about us coming up short ? He 's too scared to say .
Whiskey-Yankee-Charlie 6-6-8-1 , over . Talk to me , Billy , over . I repeat , Whiskey-Yankee-Charlie 6-6-8-1 ...
Why would I want to watch my kids play Little League ? Why the fuck would I want to sleep in the same bed as my wife ? Why the fuck would I wan na do that ?
You owe me commission on $ 54,000 worth of second-rate , knock-off , gray-market , off-brand , overpriced equipment , you son of a bitch . I 'll fucking kill you , you piece of shit ! You know what ?
may there 's a nickel in it but ... you eat the apple ! Your little animals , grab the coin and run for the door . - They 're off to by crack .
My dear , I teach medicine . I no longer sully my hands touching actual patients . - Ha !
So I said to Jamie , `` Jamie , if you suck on my cock , I 'll get you an interview . '' - Oh , Josh , watch your mouth !
These abductions leave him exposed . Even the kitten he stole in broad daylight . Why the risks ?
His most recent victim , an FBI cyber-crimes agent , Griffin Dowd was discovered dead in Reilly 's Fairview home basement this morning . In what the FBI is describing as the most serious Internet crime wave since the computer age began ... Shit !
Any American who visits the site is an accomplice to murder . We are the murder weapon . Yeah , I understand that .
Yes , sir . The odds of that are pretty steep . About a million to one , if it were a coincidence , which it 's not .
Let 's done start Got ta ti// the ground Bring Sa// y up and bring Sa// y down Let 's done start Got ta ti// the ground
About what ? About your brother and the deep shit he 's in . Frank .
Made an even bigger mistake picking my kid brother . And now you just made the biggest mistake tryin ' to kill me . - No .
And I 'd do it . I 'd boost her ... and just blast to Palm Springs ... instantly feeling better about being me . And then , the next day , it seems like , I 'm getting shot at ... my friends are dying , people are going to jail .
`` Family emergency . '' Yeah , I got a family emergency too , Randall . I got ta go tell my woman that I just lost $ 200 on a stupid deal . - Mmm , she 's mean .
Wait . You 're gon na argue with me over 12 minutes ? I just stole 50 cars for you in one night .
Let 's go , let 's go . Hey , DUFF queen , wan na show me some of them moves ? - Bianca ?
I guess my dad ? Or shit , maybe my mom . You know what ?
[ coughing ] It smells like shit in here . Quiet , quiet , shh .
Boom , real talk . I watch a lot of Project Runway . What 's up ?
Yeah , that 's the symbol I told you about . I already got Jamie on it . Christ almighty .
And I 'll tell you something , detective . He 's gon na catch you , and he 's gon na catch you way before you ever catch him . You believe this guy ?
I 'm getting my masters in June . Not if I talk to your professors and they agree to flunk you . Just dust for prints .
# Yo , if you could flow as well as I play '' Tick Tack Toe , '' # # You 'd be my ho , you know ? #
I 've waited so long for this moment . I ca n't believe the war 's over . What about Sugga Nigga ...
He 's digging up an address . He 's gon na call us on the cell . You said '' we . '' There can be no '' we . ''
Stacy 's Dad : If that motherfucker can keep his dick out your box for a few minutes , get some beer on your way home ! I ai n't never coming home !
L Dub was dip stickir half the whole town . Plus , he got me all preg and shit . But do n't worry .
My mom would get the axe . She spends every dime of my inheritance without my old man keeping tabs on her . I do n't know .
Fiona , Dad . Listen , I have some news . I need to talk to you .
That 's also interesting . Most people would have cut tail and run by now . But not you .
Get the fuck out of my way . Yo , you know what BTRO told me that night , huh ? Before he rolled up into that match ?
What the fuck just hip hopped out yo cock sucka ? Didrt you get enough of my ass back in that foundation ? Do n't worry about this motherfuckir conehead .
Yeah ? Well now you gots double trouble , bitch ! No .
The dude right over there : What do you mean , '' '' dude '' ? Hey , you know what ?
Yo , nigga , I 'm ghost riding . What the fuck just hip hopped out yo cock sucka ? Didrt you get enough of my ass back in that foundation ?
I got something for ya : I got a little shout out : I got to give a shout out to all my people , baby !
Yo , BLT . I finally reeled JTRO 's ass up in this piece . Yo , he 's the real deal .
Do n't you want to stay and , you know , swim a little more ? I my roommate might be getting worried about me : Why would she be worried ?
You just fuckir everyone in town , are n't you ? This house is fuckir dry ! You sneakir around my back ?
.. Why do n't you hit me with your best shot .. .. Hit me with your best shot .. .. Fire away ..
I feel like I 'm going insane . Need to get out of this fucking town . God !
Maybe for high school , but this is college : And in college you have to be the poo : Well , that shaggy boy at orientation sure thought
I know how it is , bro . That bitch can never keep those titties legit . What a fucking joke !
Aggression . If a nig do n't got the fire inside , he needs to keep pushir . Once his body 's all 187 'd , he 's kerplunked .
Man ... I could never be all up playir this shit if it werert for you . Who know 's where this chump would be .
One , two , three , four , five , six , seven , again ! One , two , three , four -- You suck so much , Go : !
My own ideas : - Who would never make a fool of himself : make a fool of myself :
This is a basic pyramid : Matthew , you 'll take the wing position here : - Got it :
Well , because I got what I wanted , I suppose , ..... what I 'd been after for , er , ... .. for the most , for the ..... the majority of me life . And , then , the actual reality of that ..... l ... thought were rubbish .
All the ... The choreographers have taken over the world , man . Everything 's choreographed now .
People can bitch about it for the rest of their lives , you know . But , you know , fuckin ' sell it . You 'd get four or five quid for it .
That . This is my love thing . - I know what it is .
* ( electronic voice ) The beat is coming at you , baby * It 's coming at you , baby * It 's five , six , seven
They expect us to cooperate , do n't they ? What 'd you expect , you 're gon na win this job , with all the rewards that come with it , by giving them a little simple written answer ? Facts and opinions ?
And the melody from the first line ... * Maybe , I do n't really wan na know ... That 's from ...
We 'll be there in a heartbeat , baby . Naked and living of the fruits of love . Warm sun .
And this was a generation that had only known one establishment , ..... one order . The whole lot of them had grown up under Thatcherism and beyond . And there was a sense of , kind of , excitement , ..... that something was changing , perhaps .
Keep your head down and you 'll be fine . I 've got ta get out of here , and I need to stop doing this fucking shit ! Mike , you ca n't leave .
Until you leave this train in the UK , you 're still my prisoner and you will wear those handcuffs , okey-doke ? If you wan na eat , do your best . If you wan na shit , shit in your pants .
[ Kisses ] Why are n't you gon na open it ? I do n't accept bribes .
How do you deal with them ? Get them to rub me up the right way . [ Ralph laughs ] You should 've seen her .
That 's the crazy thing . They 're prepared to let dad buy it for 300 grand to keep it as a pub , but he 's got three other pubs with the same problem . And he put so much money into refurbishing this place .
We 've got money coming in from Berlin tomorrow , Paris the day after . The money mover 's charging us 10 % at the moment . - We can drop that to 8 % if we ...
We pay somebody a couple of hundred quid to swap their machine for our machine for a few days whilst it racks up the customer details . We take those details , download them onto a sewer and then put them onto clean cards for us to use . Fucking took you long enough .
Police could be on their way , mate . - Get the fuck out of here . - Shit .
Fancy a nightcap ? What I 'm saying is , one minute it 's a handshake , the next it 's a hand job . - Gross .
Oi , I know you . - Mate , fuck off , will you ? One of you cunts threw a fucking glass bottle at my mate last week .
`` You 're a disgrace to the sisterhood . '' Well , ca n't win ' em all . I 'm sorry , David .
Rub it right down my back . Go on , down my back and my legs ! Back o ' my legs , my ass , my ass cheeks .
They know what you 've been doing . You 've been well dipped , buddy . They 're all over you .
I mean , the time for that was ages ago . When you were shagging Anton ? No .
Uncle Jack always had his ear to the ground . And it turns out there was an old prison mate o'mine in Luton too . - Peterson .
What 's the deal with the Swiss chap ? The man mountain , the yodeling flingy . The fuckish dilettante .
Move it ! Oops , sorry Webber , that 's for you mate . He 's a star fucker that one !
Right . I 'm sitting here with Andy Love and I 'm gon na snap his fucking neck and stick his head up his ass if I do n't get what I want ! What do you want ?
hone my skills . It 's like a battleground , innit ? It was an opportunity ... and a place where soon every native was going to know my name .
You ... are finally going to get what you always wanted . What you know about what I fucking want ? What happened to my tea Phil ?
♪ La-la la la-la ♪ ♪ La-la la la-la ♪ ♪ La-la la la-la la ♪
Alright ! You want some fucking more , yeah ? ... 20 quid ?
Here , bruv , take it . Marky , light him up , man . - Get that shit up , bruv .
Shut the fuck up , Kenneth . What do you want a gun for , brother ? I want to shoot the pigeons , off ... off my roof .
The government needs my product , see . It 's the only thing generating proper cash for them banks nowadays , understand ? Liquidity .
He sits tight . And every time the train comes to a slow bend he chucks a sack of money out . They 've got people waiting all over the country .
Fucking sket . I told you I 'd fuck you , did n't I ? You fucking cunt .
I ca n't Lose it . Nathan , you have n't got ta prove anything , all right ? What 's important is that you enjoy doing it , maths , and you do , do n't you ?
It 's for mum . - The time is on here , yeah . - Ok .
Errr ... Damian , go and give Terry a hand in the kitchen will you ? You too Anthony , off you go , good lads .
You do realise , you just kissed goodbye to the money . Come on let 's get cracking . She 's going to run off with it , you must know that ?
You do know that the jury will be hearing a list of all your previous convictions for violence , aggravated assault , wounding with intent , possession of a deadly weapon ? It 's how it goes , innit ? These days you need protection on the roads .
The Germans have said auf wiedersehen to the Deutschmark . And the Portuguese have said whatever to their thing . Go !
No , but what I really want , Martin , is for you to not give up . I should probably take this because it 's my crack dealer . - Hello ?
I think he 's going to the estate . I think he 's going to kill Noel Winters . Who gives a fuck if he is ?
Look at his eyes . All right , bruv , let it go . Let it go .
And keep the change . Oh , thanks mate , I 've had nothing to eat all day . Oh we 're going to Pizza Hut , want to come .
Yeah . Make sure you ring me as soon as you land , yeah ? - AH right .
I go to a better place . What the hell is going on ? You 'll need my car .
Black and white ? It 's so fucking easy for you , is n't it ? You want to end it with me and ... you end it , just like it 's nothing .
It 's a good job he 's a mate of yours . I 'd have kicked his ass ! Yeah , right !
I need all the men I can fuck , because you 're a useless bastard . And I ca n't stand the sight of you any more . You 're a little fucking coward !
It was for the Queen 's visit , yeah ? The thing is , Joseph , they stopped the fucking buses on account of that cow . That 's my mode of transportation .
You 'd be flattered if I believed you . I never really believed that you 're a proper antique dealer . You do n't wear the dickey bow .
You know nothing about me ! You do n't know what that bastard did to me ! He ...
Like off the Blue Planet . Not your fucking run-of-the-mill common or garden , or fucking diddly fucking zoo . No way .
The pips have gone and I 'm out of change . Can you call me back ? The number 's OTMoor double-2-70 .
All right , fucko ! Hey , he 's not gon na bite you . He 's just gon na fucking eat you !
♪ Stevie smashed the delf ♪ Cos he ca n't express himself ♪ He 's consumed by rage
Loads of black athletes get funding . Yeah , but they do n't look like you . You know , you keep trying to run away but you 've got like Primark written all over you .
I gave them boys what they needed . I gave them bad guys . And the courts put them away .
Yes , well , he would have been hard pressed to do that , would n't he ? Seeing as he did n't own a car . What the bloody hell do you think you 're about ?
Listen , I 'm tryin ' to get in and out of here as quick as fuckin ' possible . Well , cut to the chase . What do you want for it ?
Let 's just race our own races ... Okay , well , let 's do it , okay ? - We really need to go .
♪ It 's the new drug Everybody 's going crazy for ♪ 1989 the year Chris started selling draw ♪ Picking up from Kirby Scar there beneath his eye
Count it ! I do n't touch money no more . Put it down on the table .
How the fuck am I supposed to get home ? You like how we roll , yeah ? Yeah , definitely , man .
See you on the track . - I 'll see you on the track , yeah . Stay focussed , do n't get distracted by the big lights ,
♪ Open her eye , bust a little come ... ♪ Nah , that 's not the one ! That 's not the one .
What have I fucking done to you ? - Do n't fucking talk to me , bruv ! Do n't fucking talk to me !
♪ While he 's left in the basement With some racist cunt ♪ Who 's been waiting round for ever For the motherfuckin ' day to come ♪ What an environment to raise a kid
I 'll be back in a minute . Are you fuckin ' off your rocker or what ? Pain in the bloody arse !
She better be there when I come down . What the fuck is going on , bruv ? !
I said 5 . How about I call that Frankie geezer back and see what he 's offering , yeah ? You 'd do that , son ?
Oh , for fuck 's sake . Listen , where are we gon na dump the ... The luggage ?
'and make my kids do well in school . 'And , and I-I did my best with mine , 'so a lot of these mothers and fathers has to be blamed for this as well ! ' A lot of mother and father !
Don is gon na move heaven and earth to find out who put the fucking finger on him , okay ? That 's gon na create a very bad situation for me , and you 're just acting like it 's some simple fucking thing . It is simple .
♪ Punters hooked on hookers Hooked on smack cluckin ' ♪ Spent her days getting touched up And fucked , fuckin ♪ Wishing she could wake up From the nightmare she was stuck in
So I 'm fuckin ' her , right ? This baby will not stop fuckin ' crying . It 's givin ' it the fuckin ' big licks .
you gon na give her some money go down Waterloo and the Embankment , you 'll find a runaway , they 'll need the money I want more than 200 quid Bollocks !
Things have really worked out well for you . Yeah , I 'm a regular fucking success story . Think they will ?
i dunno get out come on move , move - Allright i am fucking moving
It 's a long story , can I help ya ? yeah , a fucking- 30 quid no way- fuck off mate , it 's 30 quid 30 without a journey ?
Bollocks ! Allrigh look , Iam gon na have to give her at least a hundred , ai n't I ? I dunno .
he said to follow- i know , i fucking know , ai n't i ? do the fucking window up i do n't wan na do this thing what do you mean you do n't wan na do this ?
Let me worry about Don . You just make sure you 're here when we get back , or I 'll fucking kill you myself , all right ? Let 's do it .
He 's a does n't matter what he is , does it ? he wants something young and he asked me to get it for him yeah , but a kid ? Look do n't start Kelly
♪ Well , lawdy , lawdy , lawdy , Miss Clawdy ♪ ♪ Gal , you sure look good to me ♪ ♪ Well , please do n't excite me , baby ♪
look at that ! i am shaking i am that fucking angry ! turn the telly off now one of you twos , is gon na tell exactly me what the fuck has happened
LISTEN , WE ARE BEING COUNTED DOWN . DO YOU WAN NA BE NEXT ? IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT ?
Oh , yes , it 's fair to say we all know who you are now . Okay , unfortunately , we 're gon na have to leave it there . Let 's see where we are in a year 's time .
IN FACT , IF YOU 'RE NOT GOING TO USE IT , - I 'M GON NA TAKE IT BACK . - I DO USE IT .
The only name anyone sings in the Yorkshire ale houses ... raising their stinking jars to their stinking mouths ... is Brian Clough . Brian Clough uber- fucking- alles . Understand ?
Because they 've all different fathers , have n't they ? Oh , me mum must have picked some right saddos , I swear down . Men twice her age or near enough .
Oh , bollocks to that ! I did n't get us all the way to the First Division ... so we could sit there mid- table and be cannon fodder for sides like Leeds . Sign the man .
Erm , and I was really , really withdrawing . He was with me that morning but , erm , I had stacks and stacks of methadone in that cabinet .
So we used to put ... Cos he used to stand up like that , looking at you . As soon as you had eye contact with him , that were it , you had to either get up or get with him , be it whatever .
That were mad , that were . ( Lorraine ) Mum was never a touchy feely person and she did n't give us cuddles or tell us she loved us and she did n't give us kisses . We got clouts around the head and smacks all the time and shouted at , that was it .
He was an importer of crack cocaine and heroin . Erm , it was like I hit gold when I got him . He ended up getting me married off .
Kirsty , is it OK if I have a little look at you ? - You want her to get her kit off , or what ? - No , no , no .
It 's for the old boys . They 've always got the horn , but they ca n't always get it up . Three , two , one .
You leave all this to me , yeah ? You 're not gon na tell him it came from me , are you ? 'Course not .
Oh , God . J * Baby , when did you lose your way ? I know you 're busy , I know you 're busy .
Do n't want you getting on his wrong side . He 's got a temper on him , that old fart . How do you know he 's in a bad mood , Daddy ?
'Course you do , everyone likes the seaside . It 's good to be beside , innit ? Well , I 'm pleased you 're happy , 'cause that 's where we 're going .
Boss ? Did you not fucking check to see if the fucking tide was fucking in ? Check how , boss ?
They know what to do . This happens all the time Ohm ! OK .
OK for what ? Have you erm ... ever heard of birthing centers ? No .
I 've got to go . I hope everything with the e-mail 's OK. Yeah .
We need her . Yeah , but we do n't need you . Delta 's right , Gerry .
Do yourself a favour , yeah ? I hate this time of year . Fucking day trippers .
I do not pay for sick girls . I smell a remote school . They 're free .
Right , get it up . Watch your language , you fuckin ' son-of-a-bitch bastard ! What are we gon na do , William ?
Let me handle this . Ahh , pleasure to see you again , Captain . All right .
Get out , dirty bitch . Put him back in your pants . Out .
It 's sex trade . Your wife has me last night sucked . Put him in the van .
When I come home When I come home Yeah , I know I 'm gon na be I 'm gon na be the man who comes back home to you
She says he wo n't come back . I know he will , cos he promised he 'll buy me a cricket bat for my birthday . He told me to meet him at the shop to get it .
10-0 to the Arsenal ... You 're shit and you know you are ! You 're shit and you know you are !
Is Granny arseholed again ? - What kind of language is that , hey ? 'And now the news at 6 : 00 with George Alagiah and Sophie Raworth .
Fine , thank you . You 're usually chasing bimbos round red carpets up the West End . - You want footage of May Day ?
Actually , do you know what , I do . I thought you were gon na tell me Becky was hurt or homeless or something . I wanted to see if I felt sad .
What the fuck is going on ? - She flipped out and attacked me . Anna , Lisa , go to lunch .
I did n't , Curtis , I swear . What the fuck is going ? All of you , shut the fuck up .
Wrong in your fucking brains ! - I 'm talking about six Gs here . - Who gave you the money , blood ?
then we saw the bre and thought , '' Fuck it . May as well rush him . '' He bricked Henry . I tried to fight my man but he got away .
I want him dead . I want him dead today . Kill my boy .
I 'm all right . Like you said , you 're finished , so do yourself a favour and fuck off . Yeah ?
Hey , Chinatown ! You still owe me that fuck , you know . Now , your cousin said if she could n't pay , you would .
My bad , man . Give me some of that shit . Need to get a burner , yo .
Nigga was ... you sure he even knew your sister , man ? Man , that 's what she said , all right ? All right .
♪ This audience is full of actors , well ♪ ♪ Wan na be actors , they ca n't act as well ♪ ♪ To all them that stays , the seats are empty ♪
Taste that . It 's hot as balls in here . Yo , you got something to drink ?
Good , where can we spark this ? In the back , in the shed . Jenny , I got ta go .
Shit ! He really lost it , man . I think I really broke my hand .
And when I do ... I 'm gon na fuckin ' own it . That 's all .
Jamesy Boy 's smart . Jamesy Boy would know that guns are a shit business . 'Cause if we sell them on the street ... any punk bitch who gets busted with one just to get a couple years knocked off their time !
All right , then . Guess I 'll just smoke this joint . Joint ?
You know what ? Just screw him already , okay ? This is the best thing you 've ever done .
The fear of reckoning . Him and I and the slaughter days . I try to stay somewhere else , and he wo n't let me .
No , you need to decorate . Hey , do you know what ? Tonight , it 's our night .
You 're in my custody . My home is your home too . I 'm not coming .
1 , what the hell is going on here ? And 2 ... 2 , who the fuck is that ? Jimmy , just call the cops .
Well , I have n't finished teaching you yet , son . Yet here I am about to take you down all the same . You 're not gon na take me down , kid .
Listen to me very carefully . The woman you 're with is a killer . If she panics , you 're a dead woman .
Basically . What happened to your old agent , Fred ? He pissed me off .
Firing up the listeners . All right , this guy 's toast . Nevada .
See you around well . Most people here think that they can walk on water . And you know what ?
The only thing I know for certain is that you do n't know what you 're dealing with . You will be pulled from this shitty little shack you call a research facility so fast that the only thing relevant to be shown for any of this is the way it 's all exposed , wrecked , and forgotten . You have no idea !
Who is it ? I do n't want to let the dogs out . Telegram for Mr. Harry Witherspoon .
And I 've figured out your trick cherry . You tie the knot before the stalk in his mouth . Engineer Hours gives certain results .
It 's in a bank somewhere . His lawyer gave me pocket money for the week ! Pocket money , my ass !
A big mama sat in that chair . I 'm gon na have to say there 's nobody here , Nic . Dude , Nomad is not here .
Why ? She 's in good hands , Nic , I promise you . The best thing you can do for her right now is to help us .
Bathing her , patching the lips . Rolling her around the page so she gets strangled in vomiting . I was six or seven years .
Can I have my coat , please ? ♪ And I 'm tied up in your wake ♪ ♪ As you 're licking wickedly ♪
And then in walked Hobbs . I thought I 'd recognized him the CNN report of his last mega-buyout , merger , whatever , but I was n't sure . The bellhop confirmed he was the billionaire media mogul Hobbs , and , $ 1,000 bucks later , he gave me his room number .
I have been caught up as everyone other . You thought I was favored ? - No , but you 're ...
With the money ! We got the rest of our lives ahead of us ! Do you think anyone else is coming through the door ?
I would save her used cigarettes with that perfect lipstick smudge , faintest trace of her perfume on them , and , when I got home , I would lie naked in my bed and I would lay the cigarette butts all over my body , even under my tongue , and even in my ass , once , while I jerked off . I did not ...
This is futile . - Futile 's a four letter word . - Hotel Louis ?
Well , my manhood was severely wounded . I , uh ... in fact , uh ... In fact ...
Come on . You want to be my buddy ? Yes .
Part-time since the first . Hey , baby , can you talk ? Hold on , hold on .
I 'm gon na leave if you do n't leave me alone . I 'd like to see you try . Shelby , cooperate , please .
He 's gon na eat daddy alive . Come on , Ouiser , call your dog . You know he'II listen to you .
I 'm two months pregnant . I wanted to tell you and daddy at the same time , but I ca n't seem to get the two of you alone together , so ... Mama , say something .
I made us a midnight snack . Half an IHOP corn cake . I understand that you want to see your daddy .
It 's her night . Ah , I do n't care , long as there ai n't no zombies in it . Who want a sandwich ?
It 's time . We 've got something real , girl . Real love .
Can we settle up ? You want to do business ? Yeah .
Hm-mm . You came here to save your own ass . ( Woman ) * Whispers drift on a black ocean so strong . *
Please . If Armando can do it , that man is such an asshole . He treats women like they 're trash , but he makes six figures .
Blood on the sheets do n't make ' em virgins . I was just a fuckin idiot to come here . I was a fuckin ' idiot to come here .
Where you going ? - I told you where I was going . Come on !
Whatever . You know , you 're going to push those guys Too hard one of these days .
Fuck you , man . Besides , he smells in the morning . Always talking , loser .
* * Lying on the ground , * with the sun beating down on me . * Hey , Jesse , what 's up ?
She fell asleep in the car . I was gon na turn back and tuck her in ... in her room . You know , that I -- in her room that I made for her .
Jesus Christ . - Your mom do got some big-ass titties . - Do n't talk about my mother .
When she does it , I do n't mind . I just look right back at her , and pretty soon I 'm hard as a fucking rock . It 's like she knows what I 'm thinking .
Do n't call me anymore . The streak is over , motherfucker ! How 's it feel ?
♪ She would find some time to spend with me ♪ ♪ Lady Luck , she is lovely ♪ Lady Luck , she is free
Was only 16 years old . Maybe I 'll make you a tape . *
Yeah . You look so cute , the two of you . Barbara !
Do n't be shitty , please . We 'll just goof around with the guys . Do n't do that .
Uh ... - ' Cause I know they wan na meet you . - Yeah ...
Does he say that in Star Wars ? Kate , you want a ride home ? Nah , I 'm good .
OK , when we come back , we 'll go over employee personality testing . Go ahead , take a break . - Hi .
They gave me a commendation . I quit my own ass . I 've never met anybody that type before .
And then they just made up that story about getting jacked . Hide the money , fake being jacked . That 's classic .
Pop the hood . Get out of the truck . Come on .
Well , we 're hydrating him . Giving him demerol for the pain . But he knew the drill .
Oh , no , no , no , you should stay . You should hang out with Frank . One more beer .
And I 'm proud of you too . So let 's take a moment to lift up our glasses to Ty . - To Ty , Jr .
Maybe they were office staff . Whatever they were , they could n't have gone very far or lasted very long . - Why not ?
Just be cool . We stick to the plan . - Stick to the plan ?
Yeah , boys . I wish somebody would mess with us on the- - What ?
Okay , look . I know I dropped the ball before a bit , but I have changed , I swear . - No , you have n't .
Um ... I guess now 's as good a time as any for me to make my best man 's toast . I 've never given one of these before , so , uh , bear with me .
Okay ? You just keep pressure on that thing . I 'll be back .
And love ? It 's magical comfort food for the weak and the uneducated . Yeah , it makes you feel all warm and relevant but in the end , love leaves you weak , dependant and fat .
Connor is ruining the wedding . He is also ruining Operation Sex For Every Bridesmaid . - I almost hooked up with Connor .
Well , have you ever thought about calling him ? Stubborn ole bastard does n't have a phone out there . Oh that 's right .
You tell her she 's got nice lips , nice eyes , nice hair she 's intelligent , her moral ethics , whatever crap comes to your mind . Then , just when she begins to think that you 're another , you know vanilla-nice guy that she can tool around with all night without getting naked you insult her . Flip the power dynamic , and you let her know you 're here to play .
Ray ... - Find the wound and apply pressure . Okay .
Phil . I want you to pull financials on everybody in this division . Including me .
No , no , this-this is- No , no , I like the coffin . It 's just that it needs a body .
Help me . Help me by pulling this trigger . Please .
Ca n't even keep track of them with so many accidents at sea . Tough to get an ambulance too . Keep it up .
Well , I got a divorce lawyer , a mountain of debt . And there 's your two kids . You got ta get them back .
Left leg out . Mind your helm , goddamn it . Watch the deck !
One of them 's 6 , the other one 's 8 . All I can say is , there 's some lucky kids . They got a wonderful mother .
It 's down the hall to the left , please . Wait , wait , is he gon na be okay ? We 're trying everything we can .
You sound like a nonbeliever . No , this city just has a way of crushing your dreams pretty fast . Well , what about your parents .
! You do n't think I 'm hanging onto my courage by my fingernails ! Do n't touch me !
He 's a very wise man . Are you sure he 's not hitting on you ? It 's a woman !
Mayday , mayday , Air Force rescue 2-3-1 calling Coast Guard Tamaroa . Mayday , mayday , Air Force rescue 2-3-1 calling Coast Guard Tamaroa . King 1-2 , departing the area .
What do you want ? Credit for having the guts to walk in here ? I do .
What should we do , Will ... with this moment that we 're in ? Boy , do you look guilty . I 'm thinking .
See you onboard . - Alfred Pierre , one for the road ? - No , tanks , Mom .
This is a sales call , is n't it ? You 're gon na stay on the phone with me until I say yes , are n't you ? Well , I take my work very seriously .
Does video make everything look bigger ? Because I did n't think her tits were that big . Then I saw you , and I was like , '' What , did an anaconda get loose on the bed ? ''
I just need this . Are you fucking filming it ? Do you do , like , close-ups and shit ?
I have a weird blotch on my breast . I do n't know , I 'm trying not to freak out about it . - Well , let 's have a look .
I mean , professional ! You get it in there without breaking it , I 'll give you another 5 bucks . Six dollars ... six of you .
Okay , I apologize . I apologize on behalf of all the arrogant , faceless , cut-off , asshole doctors out there who 've treated you like a non-person while peeking at your breasts . So what 's your name ?
Mirror Man here , he 's an electronics expert . You know , h-he 's got some gadgets that ... that you old farts probably never heard of . You know , uh , Tumbler over here , he can pretty much drive anything with wheels ... and , you know , some things without wheels .
Pull over ! Pull it the hell over ! Asshole !
Come on ! Yo , so check out my new move . I call it the stranger .
It 's a code . You say Jane , you say Shirley , Lucy , Edna ... and nobody listening on the waves is the wiser . Got ' em .
Bring Sa// y up and bring Sa// y down Let 's done start Got ta ti// the ground Bring Sa// y up and bring Sa// y down
Let 's done start Got ta ti// the ground Bring Sa// y up and bring Sa// y down Let 's done start Got ta ti// the ground
Mom ? I have to go now , honey . Listen , you call me as soon as you wake up .
You stole a car that was n't on the list ! Why did n't you just go to the police station in ... in a red clown suit ... and let everybody know what we 're doin ' here ? - What have we got ?
, dog . - It had to be a girl car . - Girl car ?
Like stains on a mattress . And you should know , I work for him . There were n't a lot of opportunities for retired car thieves on the gimp .
Hey ! Get away from my car , asshole ! You got somethin ' to say before I kill you , fool ?
All right , adopted when he was two months old . The adopted parents returned the kid to child services when he was three years old . Mentally unstable .
I do n't play favorites , but you 're my favorite . You ever heard the phrase , '' The pen is mightier than the sword '' ? Yeah , and in this case , a bunch of kids anonymously typing whatever comments they want feels like an atomic bomb , and that 's definitely mightier than a sword .
Okay , it 's not the end of the world . Well , that 's easy for you to say . - I do n't have a date .
No , I did n't . I called you the DUFF . Yeah , excuse me .
Shit did get tough . BTRO died in my fucking arms , DC . I 'm not goir back to that shit .
Looks like a nobody . You look snap , L Dub . I know .
I know . I do n't know what the fuck I 'm doing , man . I 'm just been making this shit up as I go .
I emailed Benson . He 's digging up an address . He 's gon na call us on the cell .
How you doir this shit , man ? How you doir all this shit ? Because ...
Yo . What 's Lacy doir up in here ? Agreeing with me .
Fat fucking balls bitch ! And besides , how the fuck am I supposed to stand up for myself when I ai n't got no one to stand up for me ? Get the fuck in here and calm your kid down !
Where the fuck is he ? Yo , do n't do it , man . He 's cruisir all kinds of heat out in the parking lot .
I have no idea Who in the hell are these people ? It 's the extracurricular groups -- the ones that lost their practice space when the dean
Dog , you ai n't never answer my pages . I been beepir the shit out of yo ass for months ! What the fuck you doir out here , nig ?
I got the Green Eggs and Ham hits . I 'm rolling with the Black Dick . Black Dick ?
Without L Dubba E my dad ca n't get booze . And when he do n't gots booze , he turns to drugs . I ca n't see him like that no more .
.. That 's okay Let 's see how you do it .. .. Put up your dukes Let 's get down to it .. .. Hit me with your best shot ..
I 'll call you : ! I ca n't believe you just did that ! Oh , she did the right thing :
Maybe , uh , maybe I 'll check a look at you there ? You know , just because you forgot about the FP do n't mean it forgot about you . Yo , bitch , who the fuck is that double dragon ?
Tina told me that if I work really hard : and I play my cards right , I could become head cheerleader :
You gots one final lesson up in this motherfucka ' , JTRO . You gots to know the true meaning of the '' Beat-Beat '' nigga . It ai n't ' bout color , dog .
God damn , son ! Driving like an old lady in the motherfucking park . JTRO !
[ Mimicking In Fast , Mousy Voice ] And while I admire your spunk , Miss Smith , this is a school - But --
Jesus Christ . Ca n't we have some good old fashioned rock to smite that little fucker dead . Then I might start listening to you again .
I had a fucking great time . And , er , every single day ..... between 1 994 , spring ' 94 and spring ' 97 , ..... there was something , there was some excitement . We used to row at Loaded about whose turn it was ..... to go and get the champagne .
The mid- ' 90s was a very up time . But , er , ..... I do n't think really anyone was thinking about the consequences . You know .
You do n't know anything . He would n't tell us if he did , 'cause he 's a narcissist . He despises us .
And comely is thy mouth . Thy two breasts are like forns feeding among the lilies . Thy navel is like a round goblet ... wherein no mingled wine is wanting .
In a fuckin ' block of flats , smokin ' shit weed , ..... doin ' nothin ' , you know . My songs are all about just getting out the city , and , I dunno , ..... living a better life , really . I wrote it in India House , on Whitworth Street , in Manchester .
Oh . Yeah , he ... he called it off . Yeah .
I 'm a little nervous about the whole thing . Obviously , because both bands have really upped the stakes , ..... and someone 's gon na come out on top and someone 's gon na come second . And by the very nature of being in a band ..... you 're always quite competitive ..... and , um , you wan na come top , really .
We 'll go back to the hotel , pick up some more cards ... Let me make a call . Fuck .
* Whoo ooh ! One of the odder things about this whole twinning ..... of Britpop with lad culture , ..... um , is the fact that , um , ... .. people were scared ..... to talk about what it actually is that makes a rock star .
Where the room is , where we 're doing this mixing , ..... is like a conservatory-type thing . And there was all these kids ..... doing their fuckin ' ..... dancing thing . Liam and Andy Bell walked in .
Booze and drugs got us through to the mornings . At the weekends , if we were n't kicking the shit out of the opposition , we ' d hire Ferraris on credit against next week 's wages . I never thought a grand a night could be spent so quickly .
Our great nation % number one sport . Every week , hundreds of thousands of people cram their way into these places to follow their team . I love it , and if you love it too , you do n't need me to explain .
Yeah , I bet . With dodgy little packages in the back seat of the motor . Mike , that is really harsh .
♪ cool as the rocks in the drinks ♪ that I 'm gon na buy you ... It is quite something you 've taken on .
the idea that if somebody tried to open them up or modify them , they would just shut down and more importantly the customer data would be safe . What they did n't tell anybody was that was a lie . It is n't safe .
What the fuckk all this ? Well , maybe it 's time to just lower your sights a little bit . You 've been out of work for a while , which does n't look good on your CV .
`` We '' are not an '' us '' , Mike . Yeah , well , I just thought , like . Look , I do n't know what trouble you 're in or soon to be in , but I do n't want a part of it .
I 'm a bit fucking desperate , to be honest . I like gold , really , ' cause you should always invest in gold'cause it 's ... available . But I 've got a bird and she obviously wears clothes .
And now that cunt , he wants to fucking kill me ! I 'm gon na fucking go and get what I 've earned , I 'm gon na get back with Katie and go and get the fuck out of this fucking shit . I 'm over my head , Ed !
Spit it out . Oh , for God 's sake , how am I supposed to stay calm if she annoys me ? [ Breathing deeply ]
♪ Then you will sleep much better ♪ ♪ Baby , you would sleep much better ♪ ♪ Maybe you would sleep much better ♪
I 'm with you there . Now do n't you start , Zoe . It 's bad enough having '' evelyn waugh '' here moaning at me .
I thought ... If you 're gon na be unfair with me ... I 'm gon na show you the ultimate in unfair take-downs .
Can you go inside ? - I do n't wan na go inside . Have you seen what time it is ?
Maybe . Maybe I did n't fancy you then . You fucking did .
What am I gon na do ? I 'm gon na put my fucking body paint on that 's what I 'm gon na do . Put my butter all over my ... watch ...
What do you think about that ? Um , I think , why would you do that ? Well , why not ?
Music I do n't see how that 's gon na help the situation . I 'll fucking kill him !
Do you have a costume I could borrow ? Yeah , there 's some in the office . I 'll just --
♪ The bus then the train ♪ ♪ Bought an Independent to make me look like I got brains ♪ ♪ I made a story up in my head if anybody would ask ♪
! You do n't want to be trapped inside with me , sunshine . Inside I 'm someone nobody wants to fuck with .
♪ ♪ Like an ostrich , I lived with my head in the sand ♪ ♪ I slipped into corners , I sat on my hands ♪
♪ ♪ One fine day , I 'm gon na leave this town ♪ ♪ I 'm gon na run with the deer ♪
You did , without reservation . And I 'm gon na ask you for your help , once more . This is the business , we 've chosen .
Fuck it , let 's get this over with ! Go ahead , fucking saw it then ! Pull that flat ...
She ... She likes to cuddle , this one . Wan na cuddle her ?
You 're trying too hard . That kid he was n't planning on doing a miracle . He was n't planning anything , except lunch .
And I 'll have a word upstairs ... See if I can get somebody on your case more permanent . It 's three days left to e-day , my true love said to me .
What 's the matter ? Ca n't you get your cock hard any more , old man ? Is that it ?
I 'm gon na have something stronger than a cup of tea , actually , I think . - I 'm gon na have a glass of wine . - Okay .
Fuck you . Everybody knows you used to shit yourself around my old man . The day you arrested him , got 6 of your mates to put him in the van while you watched , like the little pussy'ole that you are ,
Watch out . We 're just gon na start things early . It 's nothing to be frightened about .
Never giving up when the going gets tough , never taking no for an answer . That 's the spirit ... that 's going to keep this country great . I 'm not saying that you ca n't try , but maybe you should think about getting a trade as well .
Why is that unfortunate ? No , I was having a joke , mate . It says the training camp 's in Taiwan this year .
Yeah , you are . Joined at the friggin ' hip . Are you listening to our conversation ?
Where 's Harry ? Fat cheapskate owes me money . Harry 's dead .
Hey , what the fuck you staring at ? Want this pool cue wrapped round your fucking head ? Fucking answer me !
Still managed to keep my job at the law firm . And then I went crazy wanting kids . Never met anyone .
Give it here ! Will you shut the fuck up ? Shut the fuck up !
Bruise me up some more ! Bruise my whole fucking head ! Come on !
He 's just gon na fucking eat you ! What you looking at , you old cunt ? Hello .
Mean , there 's no way that he could harm Mary Tremlett . Unless it 's slipped your notice , Miles Percival blew his brains out .
What do you think , sir ? If Stromming is this Oz character , it stacks up . Bring him in .
It 's not your fault , Joseph . Dad had a mind of his own , you know . You just did n't fucking help matters .
Shame . How is it any fault of a kiddie what side of the sheets it 's born ? Her flesh and blood and yet all this .
Along with several other girls from Cowley Road School . Now , want the names and addresses of the men you pimped them to . Listen , sonny Jim , you want to watch your mouth .
What as ? ... told me you were gon na come here and try and get in my head . You in there yet ?
The if game 's no good to any bugger . You keep on , it 'll drive you round the twist . Know .
I got more . - Well , bloody well do it then . Stop wasting your breath .
I wish Tommy could have seen that boy ! Yeah , you did good with that drink , Lisa . - Just getting started .
Why the fuck did he kill Kirby ? - Kirby must have boy 'd him off , man . So why was you running down the road naked the other day ?
Pity the fate of young fellows And their anxious attempts to forget ♪ These are the tears of a thug Like murky water
And it was very accurate . So Darius , he tries to kill himself , he makes mincemeat of his throat but still misses the carotid artery ? And second , 30 stab wounds , and most of them were not deep .
Wife ' take the 5,002 ' . 6000 ' fuck to them aft ' ! Quiet , please .
Freakin ' liability . No one 's gon na believe another word that comes out of your mouth . Get in the car .
Kirby , relax ! - Get the fuck off me ! - Relax yourself !
Too much , too young . Look after him , would you ? Fucking hell .
♪ Well , it 's all true So stay where you 're safest ♪ There 's no need To step foot out the burbs ♪ Truth is here we 're all disturbed We cheat and lie it 's so absurd
That 's your money . Shut your fucking crying up ! Shut your crying up !
He 's still got Don . He wants to sell him back to us . I ca n't fucking wait .
And if I am fuckin ' lying , go get the baby . And give it to them , cos that 's what they fuckin ' want ! - I ai n't giving them the fucking baby back !
Man , man 's laughing at you in your own road , man . They 're calling you a pussy hole . What you mean , man 's laughing at me ?
Sit down , you cunt ! What the fuck you playin ' at , huh ? - I put it in there !
Are you prepared to step up to the fucking plate ? Ready to give it the fucking ... The big I am ?
Run ' em out of town . - Run ' em out of town ? - Yeah .
He asked me , and I do fucking know Look , if I do n't find it , he 'll go and get one from somebody , so I might as well do it Allright , he wo n't come back here will he , I do n't want to fuck him off , do i ?
who 's that ? - open the door , it 's Derek 6 in the fucking morning - I know what time it is , ... the fucking door !
why ? do n't want to be back in London , too young to be on the streets gon na stay with my gran i have n't seen her for ages , not since my Mum died my Dad did n't like her i 'll go stay with her anywhere , but where you are
An hour , hour and a half I do n't wan na be on my own - I know , but you ca n't come with me
Look , just wait here , I wo n't be long , allright ? All right mate , what are you after ? Jeez , what happened , to your face ?
I 'll take it on me in case they find out you allright ? - it fucking pains , look at my fucking leg you want shells ? what else am i gon na fire out of it ?
you are beautiful go on , in you go she 's coming in do n't take all fucking night either the door
I do n't know , but he gave his keys to the new one , Mickey . Well , that 's good fucking news , baby . But listen , we do n't have much time .
do you wan na do it then ? do you wan na help me out ? where have i got to go ?
yeah , i found someone I do n't fucking know , do i ? allright , where do you wan na meet ?
what have they done ? i want those two girls i 'll find them you better lad , and then you 're gon na call me allright , i will you got my number ? no- get it off him
Because I 'm talking to Kelly , and I want a bit of fucking privacy Take your phone with you , so I can call ya - Yeah , ok
But instead of putting frowns on your foreheads ... you elders of Leeds in your blazers and your brass- fucking- buttons ... it should put big white Colgate smiles on your big white faces . Because it means I wo n't eat , and wo n't sleep ... until I 've taken whatever that man 's achieved , and beaten it . Beaten it so I never have to hear the name Don- fucking
KITCHEN OR CELLAR , IT MUST BE . IT 'S GOT TA BE IN THE CELLAR . ( turning switch )
HERE ? WHAT , YOU MEAN LIKE GHOSTS , AND SPOOKIES , AND LONG-LEGGED BEASTIES ?
Because it means I wo n't eat , and wo n't sleep ... until I 've taken whatever that man 's achieved , and beaten it . Beaten it so I never have to hear the name Don- fucking - Revie again .
The referee has given a spot- kick . - He never fucking touched him , ref ! He dived !
Fucking come on then , you bastard ! You see what your lads are doing ? They do n't deserve to be on the same pitch as my lads .
2002 , I went to jail . I was at the scene of a guy robbing a woman . The police knew I had n't actually committed the robbery and all they wanted was his name but I was too scared to give his name so I ended up pleading guilty to the robbery and getting two years , seven months .
I 'll go round . Mary , the mother was pretty tanked up . Be careful .
It may be a dump , but I quite miss it . I miss my mum and all the kids and funnily enough , I quite miss me dad and all me mates . And it 's a bit quiet here , innit ?
Ann and Steve . I put them through hell . I knew they were looking after him .
You got the money ? Not yet , but I 'm gon na get it soon . How soon ?
Simple things . What to wear , where to live , what to eat . They do n't want the fucking responsibility .
Some polite nibbles , maybe ? Do I look like a ponce to you , Eddie ? Take me to a proper boozer , will you ?
If it makes you feel more comfortable , we can do it prison style . So how you gon na do me , Jermaine ? Huh ?
What ? He 's got a place in Tennessee , yeah ? With quad bikes and moccasin snakes and potbellied pigs
A prize cock . And that prize cock is me . I want the money , Jimmy .
Never . - Nobody 's going back on the game . All we need is for a wealthy and discerning patron to take the bait .
I want a trailer for a camp . The toilet is already there I 'll get a nice trailer . Soup .
I can only begin to imagine the level of patronage His Majesty will confer on you having seen these , uh ... Oh , I 'm , um ...
We wo n't even get down there . The roads 'll all be blocked . I do n't care !
Ten quid each . I do n't need ten quid . Right ...
I like you . You bypass the endless bullshit . Different from all the people I know .
Oh , shut up , man ! This ai n't happened to me before . Oh ... maybe once .
But come the fuck on . Kill a bre for just that ? You must think I 'm any road yout .
No , I 'm nothing like you . You ai n't a killer , blood . You 're like me .
Put the watch in the bag as well . Blood , hurry the fuck up or I will shank you , man . Jay , just let us go .
I 'll go Jobcentre or something . You know , cos we get taught stuff in there . You can still get jobs and that .
What ? - You gon na take that from her ? I remember that one chick .
You fucking wrong ' un ! - I 'm just talking to her . I 've finished .
All right . Mummy 's just got to see someone for a bit , but then we 're gon na go straight back . OK , come on .
Do n't know where Alisa is , and Jay ... You do n't wan na see Jay . He ai n't planned nothing but he ai n't forgotten you .
Enough man in here done that . Some of them man ai n't even affected . You get me ?
Let him go , man ! Come on , Unc , let him go , man . Think you 're bulletproof ?
'Cause I ai n't your fucking boy , Chris ! And get the fucking camera out of my face . Yo , chill , man , what did I do ?
Shit . This nigga shot my shit up . That was fucked up .
Now I know that I 've been crazy these past few weeks . It 's just that I was trying to help us survive .
Schooling these chumps , man . There 's no competition out here . You know how it is .
What about you ? Hey , we 'll catch up with you later , Chris . Cool ?
Do n't you have a hearing tomorrow morning ? They 're gon na revocate me anyway . There 's nothing I can do .
Fuck you . This ai n't no free show . Hey , you guys , I feel sick .
Bye . - Mark , you better not be driving . - I have a driver !
`` Girls Gone Wild '' - type shit . I 'm over here getting my ass kicked , and you 're fucking videotaping shit in a shed , huh ? Yo , chill , dawg .
♪ I paint the world like ♪ If you ai n't out for fame , get out the game ♪ ♪ ' Gainst the grey thug about my name ♪
Were you not just on this conference call ? I got a business to run . I can run this company .
Nikki ... - Do n't touch me , you slut . Hey , you guys made me drop the fucking blunt .
Holy shit , it 's fuckin Dennis the Menace . You got something to say , white boy ? Huh ?
( MUSIC PLAYING ) You were going like 100 ! I could n't believe it .
Come on . Come on , I 'm just playing with you . I 'm sure Mommy loves you very much .
Shut up , man . Ball up , man , come on . I 'm high too , man .
I love you . All right , I love you , too . - Hey , Chris , have you seen Jason ?
Where the fuck are you going ? Get your ass back in that seat . - Fuck you , Jimmy .
That 's not all ! I also thought you stole a huge fucking bag of guns and brought it back to my house ! I oughta fill you with fucking lead .
And if that means I need to spend four to six more years before I get another chance ... fine . I 'm gon na have to live with that too . But I will get another chance .
Make it up to me . Dang , that was pretty sick . I wish I had some talent like that .
I help out when I 'm not in school . I dunno if you know this , but there 's some lunatics running around this hood . Especially at this time of night .
I definitely owe you one , so ... If you ever wan na hang out or reminisce about your high school drama days , give me a shout . If they can make alcohol strong enough to get you that wasted , they sure as shit should have aspirin strong enough to get you un-wasted .
Okay , okay . 1 , what the hell is going on here ? And 2 ... 2 , who the fuck is that ?
How 'd you get this number ? Look , I 'm coming to ya . All we need is a second chance .
Hold still . - What the fuck is this place ? - Let 's get outta here !
What 's that ? That 's where them little piggies go wee-wee-wee all the way home . Ew , gross .
I go , and she ai n't there . I got ta go and smack Cathy around to find out where the fuck she actually went to . And I finally get here ...
Why are they going under my bed ? Because I bought them , and I do n't wan na lose them . We 'll put them back on the shelf when your father leaves .
The call is to terminate Devereaux . Do you have a problem with the call ? I do what I 'm told to do , sir .
You owe me that much . - I do n't owe you shit . - Give me your phone .
Do n't shoot ! - No , he 's moving on you . - Do not shoot !
Do you ? Have any clue how fast dumb , lost little kids like me , Jonah or Nomad could ruin a place like this ? Have it come to a grinding halt like the stone wheel it is ?
`` I absorb sex indiscriminately , numb and impartial . I suck men of their interiors . A fuck that unites John , Dan , Scott , whomever in the popular lust and paternal hunt for my possession .
`` We 're going to expose you at DEF CON , `` so you better watch your back . '' Dude , what is that ?
I do n't care about the shapes and colors , they do n't mean anything to me . They do n't mean shit to me ! You 're the one that 's infuriating me , you quack !
Every time I look over my shoulder , you 're there . I have as much right to be here as you do , Mr. Witherspoon . - There !
You should not set limits in my home . I do not want to lose her . It takes enough a while .
She 's in a coma or something . Nic , they 're doing some weird shit here , man . My body does n't feel right .
Yeah , would not you done ? I swiped it right away . What are you drawing ?
No way ! They take not up losers and skinheads . - Now , do not hurt me .
That 's okay . That happens to a lot of people out in these parts . Right .
Several generations of nerds . Understand me right , I 'm not bitter . We are good to find out how things work .
Come . It is Hawaii party out by the showers . Five dollars .
Absolutely , Uncle . Hell , I envy you , kid ! You can see that view and taste that caviar .
Am I right ? A taxidermist has fixed me up so that no one will notice a thing . You just follow the instructions on the tape .
For the first time in my life , my luck has changed . I 'm on a winning streak . I 'm not about to give up the one and only chance I ever had .
It 's not just about size . Do you know the leverage effect ? What are you talking about ?
Right here . Where good ol ' Luigi 's heart used to be . All right , nobody move .
Game ... Game Night 's a family thing , Dad . I 'm not going to play Game Night with some spider woman you found in the gutter .
Hey ! Dude , this is my spot , man ! You 're ruining my spot !
And now she a regular church lady . She got a steady beau , praise the Lord . I did Miss Ouiser 's wig .
Okay , well , we do not run on a barter system . What the fuck is a '' barger '' system ? - KELLY :
Come on , get up . We 're only visiting mama for a few days . You just gon na leave ?
Jack Jr. has been waiting all day for this . Oh , that is killer cute ! I know .
MOM : Ooh , Patrick , can you whistle ? ( whistling )
Yeah , and maybe you should get some forks in the house so your dad does n't have to unhinge his stupid jaw to ... We 're done here , and for the record , your wontons are way too big . Nobody can fucking eat those .
Uh , Annelle . Two Ns , two Ls , with an E. Well , if you stick around a little longer ,
This is Lucy seven years old on her birthday ... the day they took her away . Your son 's on line two . Willy , hi .
What about you ? I would like to have two eggs , sunnyside up . But not runny , OK ?
lost together . # It 's such a good vibration # Come on , come on , come on
She does not feel like talking to you right now obviously . Now get your shit and get out of here , man . I 'm not gon na tell you again .
Thanks . So I 'm parked all the way on the other side . I do n't know if you want ...
That little blonde ... What the fuck is her name ? You know , uh , she 's got a little crooked tooth .
They better do a fucking replay . Unless they just do n't want us to see how bad that fucking call was . Why do n't you get the thing where you can pause ...
* What was it that you stole ? * Then I find they were your sick little games . * * You knew mine , * but I never knew your name .
So , uh ... I 'm sort of seeing this girl . - What did you say ?
She 's ... she 's a special lady . But dang , we had some fun , huh ? Hmm ?
Easy . All right , listen , listen , I got ta go , so I 'll see you later ? All right .
( Nick Drake ) * Please beware of them that stare . * * They 'll only smile * to see you wile your time away . * * And once you 've seen what they have been , * * to win the earth just wo n't seem worth * * your night or your day .
Oh , okay . You 're just really hard on furniture . Mid-century , classic 18th .
I appreciate all the books and magazines that you 've sent . You 're a fuckin ' good writer , man . I mean that .
Do I look like a fuckin ' shrink ? I got to use our meager travel budget On stories that sell magazines .
Yeah , I thought , '' I 'll use this all the time . '' Jill , you 're not fucking around , are you ? But this is actually the first time I 've gotten to use it , so thank you .
For her , she just wants to go from kissing , to naked kissing , to fucking . Or , you know , making love . And when I say '' making love , '' I mean missionary fucking .
She , uh ... she 's got a whole gang of new friends now . She 's hardly ever home when I call , out on the town . Good for her .
Great . Play some pool with the guys , and then just see what happens . Play some ...
I said that girl ... - I can not hear any fucking thing ! - What are you saying ?
The name of a musical instrument , so she tells me . What do you say , pal ? Does this strike a chord ?
You think I remember ? It was 28 years ago , and I did n't even give a shit then . Anyway , I saw him early in the night ,
Good . Then , all you got ta to do is follow instructions . No .
Oh , yeah , I ca n't really take responsibility for the decoration . My cousin and her kids kind of come up here a lot . No , I love it .
It 's a little last-minute , I understand . I want you to go home , sleep on it . And if you want in , be at the bus stop in the morning .
How you know it was me ? Did you call the number , chief ? I ca n't believe you let your sister marry this pig .
You 're okay , Jill . So I say we strike while the iron 's hot . You know , maybe even as early as next week , hopefully ?
And who the fuck are you ? I 'm the best chance you 've got if you wan na get your money . But the girl 's got ta be alive and all in one piece for any kind of deal to happen .
Oh , wow . Oh , Lord , I 'm gon na go to the bathroom . Okay .
Cops ! There 's a cop car coming . - He stopped .
I do n't want you to be sorry . I want you to find the men who did this , and bring them to me . You said you pay them the four hundred the same day ?
Hello ? I understand we have a new player in the game . I do n't believe we 've been introduced .
Ty , where you going ? Ty , he 's not gon na make it . Ty , stop !
Hey , Connor 's here . I , uh , got the new Poison . It 's Connor Mead .
Just help me out , man . You got ta help me out . No .
Go ! What the hell is goin ' on out there ? We 're taking fire , multiple shooters .
What kind of car is this ? I think it 's a '' ZR1 '' . - What the hell 's a ZR1 ?
Yeah , right here . Why do n't you get him a towel or something ? He 's messing up his uniform .
Excuse me . I 'm going to steal her away just for a second . Jenny , come with me .
If it does n't move , shoot it anyway . Once our work is done here , we 're gon na burn this place to the ground ! Christie !
Bye , bye . Cortez and his crew , they dumped the white sedan and they got into two separate cars . And as of right now , we think , that Cortez is in this one .
You clear out now , and I wo n't fill your ass full of buckshot . Old man , you better put that piece away , before you blow your toes off . We just talkin ' here .
Do n't I look beautiful ? Tell me I look beautiful . You said you wanted to be flawless .
Vicky ? She 's my little Nazi killer . 1939 Vickers gun .
I 'm her doctor . She tell me all her symptoms , you know , man . And I prescribe her medication , make her feel good .
What 's the fastest way to get there ? We can charter a jet out of McCarren . Do it .
I and my father are one ? But can you feel my pain ? Can you feel my pain ?
Read sign . Look , where the hell is my dog ? He took off , ran away .
All the dancing that goes on on that stage is nothing but an expensive advertisement for the main attraction in the fucking blue room . Well , I am not a whore . Well , then you better learn , Johnny , 'cause you are costing me $ 1,000 a head every time you do n't give any .
You 're killing my hand . Charlotte , there 's something I would like to talk to you about . Do n't .
Forgeries ! - Yeah , a lot of them . Mine ... yours ...
He has n't changed a bit . What did you do , make a deal with the devil ? - I 'm sorry , do ...
Oh , my God , I tell you I 'm involved with Trey Hannigan and you ca n't get it up . I could give a shit about Trey Hannigan .
Well , what happened ? Next thing you knew , he was knocking up Millie What's-her-name in a cabana . - Millie ?
We are not going door-to-door selling oatmeal cookies for the Girl Scouts here . You are not the goddamn Avon lady . You understand what I 'm saying ?
We appreciate it . I would love to go , but I 'm a disaster . I think with a little plaster and a little paint , you 're as good as new .
Starting Friday at 1 p. m Elmer was logged into a chat room for 12 consecutive hours . At the time Miller disappeared , Elmer was in a steamy private chat with the first tenor of the Men 's Chorus of Greater Tacoma . It still felt good arresting him .
All right . Get this shit out of here . Take it back .
So , what 'd he say ? He told me to get lost . Well , he 's right .
He 's carved the name of the website into the guy 's chest . He 's threatening to drain him . Threatening to drain what , his blood ?
Raymond Calitri . He 's a jackal tearing at the soft belly of our ... of our fair town . And he 's an asshole to boot , so be careful .
All right . I 'm just trying to get more of these thingies , these flirties . This is a tough conversation for me .
And impressed . Not a lot of people would have the balls to say all that . Well , that 's my whole thing .
Let me tell you guys something , all right ? Raymond Calitri is going down for murder one , boneheads . Who gives a shit about grand theft auto ?
Please , do n't start with the universe with me this early in the morning , okay ? Everything and everyone can suck it . Okay , it 's not the end of the world .
Well , it seems like we 're both trying new things , then . What I 'm talking about is a good , old-fashioned crush on a boy . - Yeah , his name is Toby .
I ca n't even describe that next part . Jesus , who the fuck is that ? That is who we believe is Dr. Ronald Pendleton .
Choose . Jesus , Paul , back off , why do n't you ? I 'm just kidding .
Jess has the hottest ass . Casey has the hottest rack . Bianca , she has the hottest friends .
I thought you loved the camera , Jenna . Who the fuck are you , you creepy fuck ? Sticks and stones will break your bones .
Hey , come on . Let 's drizzle out of here and go shoot some hoop . BLT 's waitir .
If he wants a story on the front page , he 's got a dozen or so working writers here in town . Hell , the Times is less than a hundred miles away . No offense , but why you ?
Yo . It 's good to check a look at you again . For true life .
Not a conversation for you . Get the fuck out of here . No , just some idiot .
BTRO was on the front lines , JTRO . Why did n't he ever tell me about any of this shit ? 'Cause he wanted to keep yo ass safe , tell you when the time was right .
Yeah , they are , bitch ! It 's your mind that ai n't fast enough . You got to dance with your mind , not your legs .
[ birds chirping ] Sheriff 's deputies began a search this morning for two men who went missing on the lake yesterday . The sheriff says a family member reported the 19-year-old and 20-year-old missing early this morning .
Yo , Stacy ! Get in the fuckir truck , bitch ! I got ta bounce .
You 're going to shit on me ? That 's a piece of life from the Third , ya heard . Triple Dekka 1000 .
Hey , hope you ready for this shit , cranberry juice . Because you 're about to get fucked , bitch . Bitch !
Whoa . You just got jacked the fuck up , son . You on the up an up ?
The 245 has over . L Dubba E 's got even more street cred now'cause his pops took a dirt nap , left him Dawrs Liquor Mart , son . So now , no one drinks unless L Dubba E says so .
Thanks : So , Tina , um , tells me you 're a '' '' C '' cup : [ People Chattering ]
So what ? You wan na be like a dancer ? Yeah .
I 'm da king , remember ? Now , if that fucker 's got some Abe Lincoln shit to pull I want to have a hail storm of fuckir lead to shove up the motherfucker 's ass !
But I do n't know : It 's all a question of how bad you really want it : I mean , for starters , you 're gon na have to shine
Come on . Booze should be a choice , not a privilege . For the ducks , B .
We goir break history tonight ! L Dubba E and crew bustir up into this piece . There gor be a 187 up in here !
Me and BLT think you been doing real good . Ya 'll lookir double serious with this training and yo ass smokir bitches at Trailer Henge r shit . So we cleared off that extra couch in the living room for you to sleep your ass on .
In which case , technically you 're a loser : [ Camera Whirs ] So , go for it : Okay , I 'll start with a simple aerial :
Girls And Boys ) But the price of it was just sort of , er , ..... I felt was too much , really . And I , and I felt very out of place .
Because , er , you know , ..... there are other people involved ... .. in the real reason why we fell out so , er , kind of , publicly . It 's been described as the British heavyweight pop music championship .
I do n't mind S Club Juniors , they 're all right . Better than them fuckin ' other ones . Good little kids , man .
People are gon na need this product , and we can only make so much at a time . Tough decisions are gon na have to be made by a wise administrator , someone who combines a listening disposition with attention to detail and compassion for her fellow man . If you are still interested ...
OK. Just because , er , ..... everyone knows about that , you know . For you , that must have been ...
That 's it , join in at last . You 're deaf but not dumb , eh ? There is one question before you , and one answer is required .
Mm . .. I heard it described ..... as the perfect encapsulation of the Britpop aesthetic . Oh , dear .
Give us a buzz when you get back . Throw us the fucking bag now ! [ shouting ]
`` What does it say ? '' `` He wants us to go round for a fuckin ' ... '' `` Fuckin '
I sent you to a ticket tout . The geezer you hooked me up with , he said he can only get one . He said they were like gold dust .
You ca n't , you know , you ca n't ... Do n't dress it up and make it summat that it 's not . They 've never been on a building site .
So unless you 've got evidence to the contrary , you can charge me . Otherwise I ai n't saying another word until I see a fucking brief . [ voicemail bleeps ]
* This life * Tryin ' to make ends meet * You 're a slave to money
They 're the biggest cunts of all and you fucking know that . So how are you supposed to get rid of this many cards ? It 's just you and fucking Dr Spock as far as I can see .
We ca n't have the region 's finest independent bookshop being run by a pornographer . No , we 'll have to write under a Nom De plume . Christ , yes .
His name 's John Smith . Why do n't you go and look him up in a fucking phone book ? Turns out they did n't wan na keep me in for the full stretch .
Actually , it 's probably for the best . The book would have flopped anyway . The bubble 's burst .
You should fucking know ! I told you not to fucking steal . You fucking did it anyway , huh ?
Ooh . Listen to the lawyer , guys . What is unicorn ?
He 'd always had a reputation for Ending a scam somewhere . At school he found where the dinner ladies threw away the old meal tickets and then sold them back to the other kids at half price . Now he 'd found a different kind of meal ticket .
She took iboga , she 's not a good driver at the best of times . I gave her a bit of stem . Completely non-potent .
They 're not hungry . Fucking get it together , guys . Get this place cleaned up .
Look , if you just want someone to look after you , I just wan na let you know , well , you know , I 'm here . Witness protection ?
Come on . It 's got ta be worth a go . right , but T. Think we should all do our own thing rather than try and be too unified .
Yes . And where 's room service gon na get delivered to ? Oh , yeah , to your room .
Zoe called me and she was quite concerned . So she bloody well should be . Do you know what ...
[ Laughs ] Hey , hey , come back here . We need to resolve .
Hn sorry I could n't get you out of there , but , look , if you Te hearing this message , I think you know where I want you to go . The code has n't changed , nor has my intention to look after you . Just do me a favoun will you ?
♪ I 've got an idea ♪ ♪ It 's gon na take more than a year ♪ ♪
You ca n't make records for anyone else . I mean , I do n't care if we made a record and no one bloody listened to it as long as it was a record that we wanted to make . Well , I ca n't have that , James .
Read it , shit head ! - Fuck it , let 's get this over with ! Go ahead , fucking saw it then !
What happened to my tea Phil ? Sorry mate , I 'm such a cunt I completely forgot . Two for you .
I do n't do shit . - But today you do something , huh ? - Why do you follow that couple ?
You 're no more mad than I am . Yeah it 's all just made up , just rubbish . You .
There 's no help , no ... He 's drilling thru the Spiritus Sanctus tonight through the dark hip falls screaming '' Oh you mambos ! '' `` Kill me !
Come home with me . - Let go off me , man ! Come you , men .
No , I 'm alright . I keep having that fucking dream about Tomo getting hit in the hip with that 40 cal . Except , in the dream , I saved the rest of us .
You 're having a fuckin laugh ai n't ya ? Oh spare me the Oliver Twist routine . Charlie , love , you need to build your audience .
You could go up there ... with a strap . Blow his fucking head off . - You could do that , you 've killed people .
Come on , Harry . You 're not going to shoot a kid when there 's 2 coppers upstairs , are ye ? - He killed Leonard .
Like how I hate wobbling about like a twat , how I 've started to lose control of my bladder and it wo n't be Mung before I lose control of my arse and start to shit myself . So , be careful , 'cause I could go at any second . And then , to top it all off ...
No comment . You do know that the jury will be hearing a list of all your previous convictions for violence , aggravated assault , wounding with intent , possession of a deadly weapon ? It 's how it goes , innit ?
These days you need protection on the roads . But tell me something , though ... when my little brother got himself cut up , where the fuck were you lot ? Shining your fucking shoes ?
Still , you might get to see a bit more of your old man . My dad was the fucking king around that estate , and you know it . Really ?
That 's because it 's a model 36 , right ? Fuck me , mate , each one of them packs a wallop like a fucking brick through a plate-glass window . Ammo ?
Well I 'm not sure ... - Well I 'm not queuing up again , the poor kid 's been in here half an hour . You must have a loo ?
No ... Well , you know , just about the kids on the estate . Did he mention any names ?
I could see it in his eyes . And Tm sorry , I did n't wan na stop him . I 'm sorry .
Look , I 've got ta go , I 'm late . Yep , I love you too . Bye .
Victorian Rustic or Edwardian Country House , not fucking Stalingrad , 1943 ! Yeah , well , what are we gon na do ? Let 's go to the pub .
Now , pay attention , Team UK . Deng Laoshi and I have decided to pair you up with a Chinese buddy and you should make the most of this opportunity , or , more to the point , you should spy on your Chinese counterpart and bring their trade secrets to Blighty . Very funny , Richard .
Oi , what you staring at ? Hey , what the fuck you staring at ? Want this pool cue wrapped round your fucking head ?
Could n't you pray in the shop ? Yeah , but he 's only got a couple of days , and she was upset , so she wanted me to be in the room with him . You were spotted with a man .
Wondered if you had something that might fit . Yeah , we 've got a couple of suits you can give a go . - What do you think ?
There 's no real harm done . All I did was call her dad a '' bender , '' and she hit me . Barnaby !
Trousers are a bit big , but fuck it . - Can I use your mirror ? - Yeah .
How did you get on ? - I think I did OK , Captain . - Superb .
I 'm trying to turn my life around and you 're fucking it up . Now , if you want help to go and get some gear , then I 'll help you . But if your old man 's gon na keep bartering the fuck out of you , go to family or friends or your Christian buddies .
Well , Miles Percival was the one who delivered Dr. Stromming 's clue , sir , to the Oxford Mail . Well , say he took a butcher 's at it , sir . Maybe he tumbled into how Stromming is making his contact with Mary Tremlett .
I 'll fucking kill you ! I 'm gon na fucking kill you ! I 'm gon na fucking kill you !
The stoner who used to steal our milk and top it up with water . Oh yeah , he used to piss into a water bottle cos he could n't be bothered to walk to the toilet . Yeah , I saw three full bottles in there once .
No . - Do you think I 'm a fucking poof ? - No .
What , you think I 'm guilt tripping you ? Hell , yes , I 'm guilt tripping you . Promise me you 'll go out there and run that relay for me .
So , what , some leg-breaker in a Guards ' tie calls stumps , and we just walk away , is that it ? Want a list of who else was at this little shindig of yours . Look , Inspector , happen to count a good number of your superior officers amongst my close circle , yeah ?
What if after this interview I discover Darius has got PTSD ? What if the jury buys it ? What 'll happen to his sentence then ?
You need a break , girl . Just do n't get in that zone too early or else you will be loco when the race comes . - Okay .
I can only imagine what she 's going through ... - I 'm gutted for you , man . - Yeah .
No , no . If I stick around , you 're gon na try and get out of it . I will see you Friday .
You 're havin ' a laugh , ai n't ya ? - That 's pro fuckin ' meat there , bruv . - Fillet of fuckin ' steak .
♪ Get away with murder in the schools Use four-letter swear words cos we 're cool ♪ We 're all drinkers , drug takers Every single one of us buns the herb ♪ Keep on believing What you read in the papers
So it 's at Kirby 's house ? Some crackhead must have took it out of the house . - Some crackhead took it out the house ?
Right , when I had you running around for me , right , did I take the fuckin ' piss ? You might have been sellin ' twigs and seeds , but I still looked after you . - Now give me the fuckin ' ...
No , she said your cock in her mouth . Do I look like I 'm fuckin ' lying ? And if I am fuckin ' lying , go get the baby .
Please , man ... You think you can pick up drugs off me , long me off and go to someone else ? Where the fuck is my money ?
♪ Cokeheads on their reds Sniffing up their wages ♪ Dealers on speed dial Suckin ' all their papers ♪ Still on the same number That they 've had for fuckin ' ages
A fucking machete ? In this day and age ? What the fuck 's he gon na do next ?
Who are you calling a mug ? - Are You pluggin ' drugs in my pub ? - Drugs ?
Fuck off ! If I find out any fucking different , you 're a dead man , you understand ? I want my money .
Why ai n't I in bed ? Yeah , well , there 's three dead bodies in a Fulham knocking shop all asking exactly the same question . A fucking machete ?
Well , if she did , you 'd be the last person to find that out , believe me . Well , you 're the expert , ai n't you ? No .
Crash and burn it Do n't return it Lost deposit , let ' em earn it Who cares ? It 's on the firm It 's a hire car , baby
Yeah . You smoke this shit and ... What we 've got here is a fox-in-the-hole situation , old man .
Look the fucking other away then . Can you put the toy in , please ? We have to get a train and go somewhere.We ai n't safe here .
what did he do to you ? i am not gon na ask you again , what did he fucking do to you ? i ca n't remember it was last night remember
all right , that 's it do n't drop it that 's it , that 's it go on , release it , release it now- yeah that 's it , what bumps ... good can we get a nother one ?
Let him talk . He 's probably high as a kite on your little farm , blood . Pussy hole !
Fucking run ! Leave her alone , you fuck ! Do n't fucking move !
allright ? you gon na give her some money go down Waterloo and the Embankment , you 'll find a runaway , they 'll need the money I want more than 200 quid
Shut up and fuck off ! Fucking toe rag girls that 's who you deal with , is n't it ? girls like this ?
I-it 's impossible . Look , it ai n't gon na happen ! I ca n't change the laws of fucking nature , can I ?
shut up ! gon na be allright , they 'll be here somewhere which way ? - just keep a fucking eye out 'll tell you when , ok ?
The refugee from Butlins . Well , gents , the emcee is profoundly privileged to be here and is exceedingly happy to see you all looking so dapper . - Hear , hear !
do you mind if we wait for her ? look , i 've , i 've fucked my leg up it 's not my flat care for a cup of tea ?
She said , '' Headache . '' She said , '' I 've got this headache and I ca n't get shut of it . '' And that were it with her .
She 's a Paki lover ! You 'll get your fucking neck broken next time . You 're not big enough .
But they 're gon na do the job . They 'll be the saviours of Leeds United , this lot . Lads .
Slow down , please . I 'm gon na try to pull up . Get ready to jump .
What ? Might be a bit flash for a man out of a job , but I 've grown to like it . Who do you bloody think you are ?
He 's told me about you two . - Turn it up , please , Kate . MARY :
That were the day our Steven got killed . She moved out and she went to live with Yousaf , Lorraine 's dad , and that 's how she got caught with her then . I did n't like him , me .
Yeah . Messed up by me , cos I ca n't say no. `` Do you want to go to university and read Business Studies , William ? '' '' No ''
I did n't do it for long . Erm , not a nice experience . Oh , the things that man did to me .
Said he 'd call back . He said you ca n't fly direct to Tennessee , so he 's sorting us out the best flights cos he knows someone . Whoa , whoa , whoa .
The only thing I had was water . After 12 days I to get out . I went to the doctor 's cos all this had happened with the pregnancy .
I 'll buy us an ice cream on the pier . So this girl of yours , is she a bit of a looker ? Yeah .
Jimmy 's dropping four Viagras . You wan na walk straight tomorrow , you 'll give him that . You sure you do n't want to put that briefcase in my safe ?
It 's not a myth . He keeps everything in there , old school . Do n't trust no one with it .
Now you 're going for the long hard flush . In the sewerage , right where you belong , copper . Oh , come on .
Shit , I can help you with brains if that 's all you 're worried about , you know . Look , just shut it , old school . You 're doing my head right in , yeah ?
They 'll talk to you ... I do n't want to talk to ' em I 'm telling ' em - What did they say ?
Nothing . ' Cause you already told her twice . That 's a good one that , yeah ? Yeah .
When I go out Yeah , I know I 'm gon na be I 'm gon na be the man who goes along with you
Where 's my daughter ? And who killed my son ? Where is my sister ?
That is exactly what hap ... is n't that exactly what happened , Mr. Burke ? Aye , Mr. Hare , yeah , that 's exactly what happened . Right .
Diversifying is what we 're doing . Mr. McTavish has moved into gambling , opium distribution and ... pimping whores . We 've gone legitimate .
I did it for love . I know he seemed like a nice guy and all that . And I suppose you have to respect the fact that he made the ultimate sacrifice for love .
Sort of question you ask a bloke who tried to pick you up at the Bomb Squad fancy dress disco , dressed as a gladiator . I was very drunk and er ... I had n't realised you were the wife of a colleague .
Oh , what sort of a question is that ? Sort of question you ask a bloke who tried to pick you up at the Bomb Squad fancy dress disco , dressed as a gladiator . I was very drunk and er ...
Show me your titties . Before I murk your man . For goodness ' sake , just show him the titties !
I beg you bell mans if she wants to speak or anything . Yeah , safe for doing this , yeah ? Hey , can you get any gear and that ?
What do you want ? Some bre attacked me when I come out . Said people are gon na hurt me , my family .
You think you 're a bad man , Jay ? I thought I was a fucking bad man , remember that ? I thought I was fucking bad , and they put me in a big-man jail , and look what happened to me .
Shut your fucking mouth . Shall I do it , blood ? Just tell me , Sam .
Where ? Go Latimer Station , do a left through the alley then bell me . Safe .
I do n't even fucking care . I do n't care about her , you , or him . I do n't even give a fuck either .
Course not . You just got ta understand , do you get me ? This boy ... killed my tight bredren , man .
Who was it ? Omen and Dabs and them man . So you understand what I was saying to you before ?
I 'm gon na kill you , blood ! You think that 's faster than this , blood ? - Trife would n't want this .
I thought she might know who 's after me . Yeah , she might , but I ai n't seen her . No one has .
Auntie ! What y'all little fuckers want ? - Mikey , is that you ?
So things will be better tomorrow . Sean and I have been homeys since we was real little . This one time in kindergarten
Give me some of that shit . Need to get a burner , yo . Take me to see your uncle , Mikey .
You know what the worst thing was about living with my mom ? It was the constant reminder we were n't gon na make it . Seeing her putting more and more hours to pay fewer and fewer bills .
Get up , man . What the fuck are you doing bringing me this bandit up in here , Mikey ? - Look , Unc , I thought ...
Nikki , I love him . Sabrina , you 're such a fucking baby . Nikki , no , do n't leave .
What 's up ? I 'm high as hell , man . That 's good .
What are you doing ? Bro , somebody 's gon na see you . What the fuck !
Give me another 20 minutes . It 's like that now , huh ? You just go hood to hood just smoking in people 's houses and shit , huh ?
All right . - Hey , yo , nigga , do n't kill that ! - Oh , yeah , do n't kill it , huh ?
What 's up , Nikki ? Man , not this fool again . Do n't come near me with that camera , Chris .
I 'm gon na get to work now . Um , if you need anything , I 'll be at the office , okay ? Wesley .
Jason . He punked me out , Sean . - So .
Ca n't you find someone your own age to mess with ? Just make out a little bit for the camera ? God , he is such a perv .
About what ? I ca n't even remember , man . Yo , do n't kill that , man .
Always following me around and shit . I already got a fucking shadow . You know what I 'm saying , huh ?
Must be important ... if you wan na talk to me . Take Cesario off the yard until his hearing . Put him in PC .
Right . Hey , can you tell Jeffrey to have something cool for kids ? - What do kids like ?
♪ Either way I 'm proud ♪ That I even had a fan to say goodbye to ♪ ♪ Most of them never even have debt ♪
Sir . Must be important ... if you wan na talk to me . Take Cesario off the yard until his hearing .
Hey . Things are gon na be good now . You have got to be kidding me .
Look , I get it . You take some weak-ass kid under your wing , and you look weak too . But I 'm not asking for a favour .
Why would I do that ? I 'm gon na go get him off her . The only time you pay attention to me is when I cause a scene .
You 've done nothing but run and hide , Faith . So , in a way , you actually kinda brought this on yourself . How many of them did you fuck before you strangled them ?
You think about it sometimes ? Maybe having a coffee , or a screw . You see a beautiful woman or a child , then you remember all the lives you 've taken .
It 's from Baker Boy 's Bikes . I told them that you wanted to go on a test drive and they trust me . And your name carries a lot of weight , so here she is .
Things are gon na be good now . You have got to be kidding me . What is that smell ?
Later , Faith . You 're no better than me , Faith . We 've both been fucked over .
I hope you like it . Your notes were awesome , Bernard . I loved your idea for the change in tense at the end .
I mean ... Do n't you think you 're getting in a bit over your head here ? I know what I 'm doing , Faith .
Besides , what 's wrong with playing the field ? Guys do it all the time . At least I 'm being honest with them .
What ? - He got stuck in a radiator . You trimmed your beard .
You told me you did n't like Godard . You thought the jump cuts were ... I 'd check for the cat behind the ashcans under the Golodners ' stoop !
I 'm the one you want . Why not take your shot ? Tempting .
It 's like ... It 's like we were pals then , and we 'd do things together . We 'd look at the knight armor at the Met .
Get in the truck . You put this shit on the accelerator , go when I yell , '' Go . '' You go , Nic .
She wo n't give you the name until you bring her out , right ? She always was a ballbuster . Drone 's airborne .
Stop ! Un moment , s'il vous plaît ! There is someone who is not joining in .
Belligerent ... Where did that word , college kid ? Did you hit it ?
On my side . Take a look at yourself , Nic . The perfect integration of human will
Damn . - You should buy boxer shorts . - Take her !
Have it come to a grinding halt like the stone wheel it is ? You 're clueless law in the Wild West , Damon . You 're a relic protecting ruins .
You 're clueless law in the Wild West , Damon . You 're a relic protecting ruins . You 're pathetic .
What did he say ? `` Your hack into MIT servers was legit . '' That was fast .
Oh , come on . I do n't think we 're gon na find him and we 're running out of time . He could be halfway out at sea by now
Cut out your horny bitch ! If there is a problem , I can just go . - Nice .
Look , you 've upset my uncle . Well , that would be a pretty good trick considering his condition . - What ?
I assume it 's me ? Even with skater legs I do not get their speed . They turn gravity , because the goes 100 body lengths per second .
This week is paid for in advance . And I have plenty of pocket money , plus my uncle 's infallible system for roulette . Yes ?
Come on . You already know the answer to that question , you sick fuck . Open the door .
I was apartment-sitting for rich people , with no steady income or place to live . And I had just been fired for refusing to date my asshole lawyer boss whose firm I was answering phones for . [ man ] Did you have a laundry line hanging in the backyard when you were growing up ?
No . There is a reason why Hobbs is so adamant about getting this flashcard back , because a guy his age would be proud to have proof of fucking a woman as young and beautiful as you without paying for it . And if Simon told you to go have sex with somebody , there 's a reason why he got so upset when he saw the footage .
Take a dead man to the French Riviera ? If you do n't wan na do it , the Universal Dog Home of Brooklyn will . Six million dollars .
He 'll be all right . Let him walk it off . ( dialing )
It 's a bit stingy with the tonic and ice . Well , I want you drunk , so I can tell whether you are a lout or not . You know you can get in a lot of trouble for having these files ?
And Patrick ? He says he has n't seen Joe since they split up . ( lively chatter , whistling )
♪ Still smiles when ♪ ♪ My mind ticks ♪ ♪ As I 'm watching ♪
He wo n't sit down . He wo n't deflate the room . It 's actually quite sophisticated .
Kill , Thurman ! Oh , I hope the rain holds off . Oh , this is perfect weather for me .
They still ca n't figure out how he got in there . Place was all locked up and he did n't have a key on him . What 's the story with the pieces of jade ?
I do n't know what to tell you , buddy . Just think of all the other numbers in the world . Is everything okay with you guys ' ?
But how does that help ? He just sits there , sleeping with his eyes open , staring at the TV . He should talk to somebody , Truvy .
Miss M'Lynn , I did n't mean to upset you by saying that . You see , when things like this happen , I pray real hard to make heads or tails of it , and I think , in Shelby 's case , she wanted to take care of that baby , of you , of everybody ,
It 's worth like $ 3.50 , so if I could get a Sun Chips and a beer and then 50 cents in change , that would be fantastic . Okay , well , we do not run on a barter system . What the fuck is a '' barger '' system ?
Are you OK ? Got a live one , Gert . Good .
( LAUGHS ) I gon na get on out of here . Y'all crazy .
What am I supposed to do with the poor thing ? Make him a weave , serve him up on toast . It 's all the same to me .
So , uh does Patrick have a really big , crazy beard now , too ' ? Yeah , yeah , his is a little more serious than mine . I have ...
Oh , I do n't give a fuck about the band ? You think I planned to black out on some shitty lawn Before our tour , Eric ?
He 's in school . - Oh , the family 's got money ? - No , he 's got a job .
Sherry , you do n't mean that , now . Look , babe , you got to keep your nose clean , okay ? Be a good girl .
This is really hard to say . For me , this is a very hard thing to say ... but I 'm gon na stay and have my dessert here with Rita ... and I 'm not gon na go to video night tonight . What ?
Crisis resolved . You interns think of everything , do n't you ? I think we 're both a little drunk .
Yeah , come in ! If that thing is , like , a piece of shit ... Hey , um , how is the planning going for the anniversary party ?
Please , do n't you apologize . You did n't do anything wrong . - I felt like I should say something .
What do you think I 'm doing here , man ? - You wan na have a seat ? - Bro , honestly ...
Thank you . These are our last three gigs at the Surfside . We 're going on tour .
No , I feel lucky I got a good one . I did n't have to wade through too many ... Yeah .
You wan na mess up your own shit ? But you 're gon na mess up mine , too . I need to know , you got my back .
That 's sweet . Everything good with the two of you ? - Yeah , she 's great .
`` I love wood . '' Honestly , Kate , this place smells like rhinos . No .
I do n't even know . When I was a kid or something . You 're never gon na do it again ?
No . - But you got that look . - I work private .
Fried everybody inside . They were lucky they went fast . - Remember Omaha ?
Good . Then , stay by the phone , do n't call the police . I will be in touch ... very soon .
It was our future , and I did n't want to give it to them . Now , how fucking stupid is that ? She was already dead .
That 's why you got to forget about her . It 's your feelings for her that are killing your game . If there 's one thing that you learn tonight , it 's this :
It 's really terrible . I heard some banging too . Where ?
You 're damn right . Man , I 'll do anything for you . Who 's got your back , huh ?
That 's what you 'd think . We 're not gon na let the bank take your house . - I got that under control .
Um ... It 's not going to work out for us . - Wait , are you kidding me ?
You know , maybe make her feel jealous ? Hand to God , kid , I never felt like you were my son until now . Man , I do n't know why we did n't have this conversation years ago , huh ?
No burn mark on the entry wound . The bullet passed clean through . A pistol round did n't do this .
He takes the love and he hoard it , like a miser . Jesus , does n't anyone just want to have fun anymore ? I like to have fun .
This is no coincidence . First the guys at the diner , now this . It 's all connected .
Dude . What does a girl have to do to get laid at this wedding ? Yeah .
Well ? - No massages with clothes on . Not a chance .
The problem is you date a girl for two weeks , get her to fall in love with you ... He takes the love and he hoard it , like a miser . Jesus , does n't anyone just want to have fun anymore ?
Normal . Just not a train wreck for once . - I 'll be on my best behaviour .
But all airfields are closed , so he wo n't be flying out . I want a roadblock here . Bullhead City .
You 're gon na get sick dressed like that . Why do n't you just fuck off ? Listen , I 'm not gon na go back in until I know you 're all right .
Southbound on the 95 . He thinks he 's getting to Mexico , but that 's not gon na happen . Why does n't he take a chopper ?
They were n't too happy to see me . There 's something off about them . Run those plates for me .
He says he supports the National Dutch football team . - What the fuck is that supposed to mean ? - The soccer team .
# The woman is the way # # Would n't try to bite # # when she calls your name # # You might not see something # # that might say it ever again #
# Always remind me # # how you almost got by me # # I do n't know what I would have done # # without you , honey # # Tell it to her softly #
Wait , wait . What if Hurricane Grace runs smack into it ? Add to the scenario this baby off Sable Island , scrounging for energy .
It just got a lot more interesting . So come on and join the party , sweetcakes . We are on lesson number three , the day you were absent .
All of you . I look around and all I see are little boys sitting on their asses too scared to go and get some pay dirt . Pay dirt ?
We catching some fish Is that gon na crap out again ? Never !
# Traded in my lino for a pad and a biro # # Used to stand in line so as I can sign my giro # # But now my ends are meeting in the best way that I know #
Skip , we 're gon na make it . She 's not gon na let us out . No .
No , no . You 'd abandon the universe ... and me for a cafe late ? No , let 's not do it .
Is she hotter than you ? I bet she 's hotter than you . She does n't have a disease , either .
And so much more . My yoga teacher calls me a '' unique '' . - Come again ?
Oh , no , no . I 'm a shithead , believe me . Good .
What 's your point ? That I 'm way out front in the love race . - Love ?
We are the murder weapon . - We ask that you spread the word ... - Let 's main-screen the website .
Are you feelin ' it ? - I know you 're feelin ' it . - Up in here , up in here , one , two
Portland , Oregon . Fucker disabled her car 's computer . We ca n't track her .
The piece of shit 's camped out on your front lawn . Annie 's already lost one parent to the job , so yeah . Get lost .
By the time you get out , asshole , there wo n't even be cars . We 'll all be cruisin ' around in , you know , little spaceships . That 's gon na suck .
I do n't have a clue . - Okay , we 'll just go talk to your boss . - Shh !
Any American who visits the site is an accomplice to murder . We are the murder weapon . - We ask that you spread the word ...
I know . I 'm sorry about that , sweetie . Catch any bad guys ?
Truck dri ... I know , man , I know . But I mean , like , um ...
You were on a date with Toby . Are you seriously mad at me right now ? I thought we were friends .
No , no . Just having some me time at my locker . - He approached me .
It 's a humiliation . Because I 'm the asshole who said I could deliver . Am I an asshole ?
[ clears throat ] Yes , I can look it up . Just give me one second here .
I do n't like people thinking of my ex-boyfriend hitting it with someone like you . The thing you have to understand is what happens in high school is gon na stay with us forever . Most people do n't think that , but then again , most people are losers .
Yeah , I never heard of that happening . Does it say anything else about what happens to the kid next ? Yeah , let me see .
She 's pulling it off . - Dude , she 's 15 years old , man . - She 's a ten .
There 's a street match comir up against The Triple Decka 1 K. Beat that chump then maybe we 'll talk about a match . Why wo n't you just face me right now ?
I get it . Tomorrow , I 'm going to beat your fuckir boyfriend . And you two can just go live happily ever after .
BTRO , get yo shit straight , dog ! Get the fuck up , bitch ! I ai n't done kicking yo ass yet .
God damn drunks goir straight edge right on the street . Resortir to meth and shit ! And now with no drunks there ai n't no bums .
What the fuck is going on here , man ? Who the fuck is this dude ? Come on , JTRO .
Are you talking about Mr. Choose-it ? How the hell do you know that , Fi ? [ sighs ]
[ Grunts ] You know I 'm about to .. Hit me with your best shot .. - ..
[ Bell Tolling ] That herkie into a cupie just before we spread That was almost as moving as the helicopter landing
But it ai n't just that . You used to just be BTRO 's little bro . Now I feel like we bro 's , for reals .
Who was that cheerleader again ? [ Laughing ] I think the score And :
We die together . Yo , check you guys later . We got some trash to take out !
JTRO ... Just leave me the fuck alone , Stacy . Come on , bitch !
Rock like this .. When I rock like this When I rock like this Follow me :
Thanks : - Your , uh , squad : is gon na have a real tough time when , technically speaking , you do n't exist : [ Scoffs ] Look around :
That 's my bro . Toe up from the motherfuckir floe up ! A'ight , JTRO .
She 's blond , super-cute : look who it is , smart guy : Why do n't you say something smart , smart guy ?
DC ? What the fuck is going on ? Hello ?
Can yo ' ass keep a secret ? You sure you 're ready for this shit ? Yeah .
Monica , if you want to be the bomb diggity , you have got to act like the bomb , and Tina is the bomb diggity ! Did she just say , '' '' bomb diggity '' three times [ Crowd Cheering ]
Fuck . Yo , bro , you ready for this shit or what ? - Yeah .
Focus ! No , I 'm not gon na focus ! I do n't mean that :
Of course , dear . I fucked up big time . - She should n't use that language .
David , who we 've also only just met , actually , but who seems to be a very ... ah ... nice young man indeed . - Amen .
I 'll tick that box myself . - Let me tick it for you . - That was smart .
Born Slippy ) * Drag boy , dog boy , dirty numb angel boy * In a doorway boy , she was a lipstick boy
It was very exciting when it first happened . Goin ' to the Hacienda , and ..... and ..... literally listening to this music ..... which was fucking unspeakably rubbish . And then you had an E , ..... and it was like listening to fuckin ' classical music .
That 's it : join in at last . You 're deaf but not dumb , eh ? No worries , love .
She 's fine . Darling , I thought it was three days . - It was going to be three days , but ...
You win . I ca n't let my partner escort you out , we just became friends . How about you walk out instead ?
Probably busier than Oasis , us . * Today is gon na be the day * That they 're gon na throw it back to you
I 've given it enough consideration . I do n't wan na move to another country with you as much as I do n't wan na marry you. `` We '' are not an '' us '' , Mike .
For us , and other bands , who were not at all interested , ..... it became a little more difficult to make your presence felt , ..... because you had to have this kind of ... You had to be part of this great , sort of , this battle , ..... almost take sides , ..... and you were n't interested in the fucking first place . So you just got on with it and waited for it to abate .
For you , that must have been ... I 'm not gon na tell you the real reason why . Because , er , you know , ..... there are other people involved ...
The only people that lose are the fucking banks . They 're the biggest cunts of all and you fucking know that . So how are you supposed to get rid of this many cards ?
After returning from a horrid day in court , I had the pleasure of scraping dog poo off Charlies football boots a toothbrush that I hope I 've thrown away . This was followed by a rugby match masquerading as dinner , then the existential hell of bath and bedtime .
It always amazes me that they spend all day on a computer and then in the evening wan na relax by playing another computer game . But that 's geeks for you . - So , mate , what are you thinking ?
I 'm sure I want 500 quid a week . I 'm sure I 'll be able to pull it off , and I 'm sure it 'll be a laugh . I 'm not sure you 're sure .
Why did n't you tell us you dropped out of law school ? I needed a clean break . I was fucked .
You 're either a drug dealer or you 're in the music industry . You wan na be a singer ? [ whispers ]
And if you 're gon na fuck off , you may as well be hung for a sheep as a lamb . - I do n't know what the fuck that means . - It means we should wait , Mike .
This is our chance , mate . This is our way to get out . Let 's fuck off to Rio .
This is my favorite spot . There is a bench right there if you wan na watch . You do n't have to perv in the green house .
[ Mike ] This had been the longest six months of my life . Not helped by regular visits from the same French copper asking the same questions over and over every day . How did you get the cards ?
You have sex . Yes , well that 's not going to work with me and Lily is it ? No .
Yeah , you ! Yeah , you , you fucking pig cunt ! - Oi , Mike .
Do you know what a lynchpin looks like ? It 's basically a cock ring . Ralph , do n't .
No comment . You think I 'm winding you up , do n't you ? [ shouting on tape ]
I 'm the supervisor of this team . Every night you 'll take 25 to 30 grand depending on what the machine will let you withdraw . That means I take back 100 to 120 grand every night for my team of four .
We ' H always be OK'cause our mates have got our back . I fucking love this game , the skill , the dedication and the Hnesse on the pitch , the awesome power of the crowd in the stands . Fucking fruit !
( play the fool ) Or I 'll just have to pop you in the bottle with one of my special potions . Hmm ... ?
♪ Take off your glasses , do n't be scared ♪ ♪ For 30 pounds , I 'll listen to your stories dear ♪ ♪ Shut the window there ♪
Think of your family , yeah ? - This is my family , innit ? - This is your family ?
I feel ... different . It 's like she sort of cleaned me out or something . Um , do you think you 'll still play the show ?
What 's that gon na change ? Ai n't gon na change the ' you ' inside . Nothing can hold the truth .
I keep having that fucking dream about Tomo getting hit in the hip with that 40 cal . Except , in the dream , I saved the rest of us . I mean , the grenade still done explode when it hits him ... still kills him , no ?
♪ Writing home to tell your folks about the city ways ♪ ♪ Are nagging at you ♪ ♪ What 's a girl supposed to do ♪
We could do with a few more songs , though . Man , we 're gon na have our own show . But you know I 'm going on holiday tomorrow , right ?
Go on , down my back and my legs ! Back o ' my legs , my ass , my ass cheeks . On my ass .
Capturing Mr. Bin Laden , yeah ? Sorry to burst your bubble , soldier . It 's all about protecting supply lines .
♪ I think I 'll have to dance with Cassie'cause the dream boy never asked ♪ ♪ Shuffle to the left ♪ ♪ I kick the boy behind to make a little room ♪
What makes you think I should believe you ? Fuck it , I could n't give a shit . - Well you should ...
He was mad . What makes you think I should believe you ? Fuck it , I could n't give a shit .
We 'll take a zero-tolerance stand on gun-related violence . We 're gon na come down quick and hard on the criminal gangs that control the flow of heroin on the estate . I have spoken to Division and they concur .
I do n't know what you 're talking about ! Are you reading me my rights ? Think I do n't know my fucking rights ?
Where is he ? You 're always fucking picking on him ! Noel ?
Hey , give me your money . Come on , empty your pockets . Hey you !
Hey . I will say , she 's got a nice little set of tits on her . But you two are a right pair of cunts !
I know he is , yeah . I 'm gon na have something stronger than a cup of tea , actually , I think . - I 'm gon na have a glass of wine .
I do n't like doing that . Yeah , well , we all have to do things we do n't like doing , but we fucking do them , do n't we ? So give it here .
I promised him the Man of Steel . He says to me , '' Fuck the Queen . I want to see Superman .
But as long as people are stupid enough to pay for them , it 's all good with me . My work represents a positive affirmation of what it is to be gay in the 21st century . To me , gayness is n't just about sex , it 's about everything .
Oi , silly cunt ! Samuel , get away from there ! Can you not fucking hear me , hey ?
'Been awful sick for a number of reasons . ' I do n't know if it got in the papers to you , 'but Samuel got attacked by that dog . 'That fucking cunt who was seeing to his mother'got the doggy wound up so much'that it turned on the nearest thing to it . '
What the fuck 's the matter with you , huh ? Trying to make me look like a fucking idiot ? - No .
Oh yeah , he used to piss into a water bottle cos he could n't be bothered to walk to the toilet . Yeah , I saw three full bottles in there once . So what have you been up to all this time ?
Like cigarette ash . ( Chuckling ) It 's not your real name , huh ? Do n't be ashamed of who you are , huh ?
I 'm not inhaling , I 'm walking . I 'm out of breath cos I had to rush back from lunch . Tuna sandwich .
Surprise , surprise , Lawrence Wright was taken on by one of them . He must have slept with one of the bookers , 'cause he ai n't that good . I know I 've got talent and that I 'm going to make it .
You 're going to get my dick , and go ... And I want you humming on my balls . And then I want ...
♪ You do n't just touch our hearts ♪ Oh , no , you steal ' em ♪ You were all right , you came for the night
No . What was the name of that girl we were keen on ? Lived on St. John Street .
Right , I 'll tell you what , if you miss this shot , you 've got to suck my dick . You 're going to get my dick , and go ... And I want you humming on my balls .
Oh , damn . The pips have gone and I 'm out of change . Can you call me back ?
No . Give me your fucking gun . Wait here .
Where 's Anita Addison ? She probably saw which way the wind was blowing and headed back to Austin . I thought she was on your side .
So you were n't concerned that he did n't come home last night ? Was in The Bird till closing . When got back , thought he already turned in .
So are Jake and Lucy . Their blood 's all over your shirt . Yes
No problem . So , I 'm gon na be seeing you at the Valley . Who was that ?
Must be corned beef . Ah , what did tell you ? It comes to reliability .
I want a simple thing , bicarbonate of soda ! It comes in a little fucking tin like that ! Not in a big box like that with '' Daz '' written on it , or whatever !
Anybody , all right ? Christ , you talk about incompetence . Freakin ' liability .
Listen ! Give me my fuckin ' gear ! Let go of my fuckin ' head !
You stand out . See why I 'm always in black ? People ca n't pick me out .
It was an exhibition . But when we get to the Worlds I 'm gon na need you . Now , the 4 x 100 metres is where it 's at .
Cool . Chris , what are you doin ' , man ? Do n't fuck about with me .
No one trusts ' em . And you 're a smackhead crackhead like her . You 're both like two peas in a pod .
How did he manage to cut his throat ? Somehow he got ahold of a pen , made it razor sharp on his cell wall . Know what was on the pen ?
Apart from this . - I ca n't fuckin ' take that , bruv . - Open it up , bruv .
No , I kind of got plans . Yeah , you know , like plans . ♪ Love is not mine ♪
Allow me , man . I just want my weed , man . Allow it , man .
Think this is coming back to you ? - You ca n't give someone 's baby away ! And to fucking Vince and Carol ?
I 'm Mickey Skinner . That 's who the fuck I am . Very funny .
Hardly . Know who the cunt is yet ? No , not yet .
♪ Your love ♪ You really need to wake up and smell the fucking coffee , Mickey , my son .
It 's on you ♪ ♪ Rocks nice and rocks ' em well , yo ♪ ♪ Watch ' em chop it up and make you feel so rude ♪
Give me my gear ! I 've got shit to do ! - Relax yourself !
what you gon na do with it ? - I 'll take it on me in case they find out you allright ? - it fucking pains , look at my fucking leg you want shells ?
♪ Yeah , but you just wo n't treat me right ♪ ♪ You like to ball every mornin ' ... ♪ We might as well turn the bastard loose .
Look , you 're gon na have to stay here . You 're gon na have to stay here in the cubicle.| I got ta go get some money , so we can get the train .
Keeelllyyy - Fucking up , get her to move Kelly Move it
You remember what we said ? There 's been a change of plan . Wait , hold up , we had a fucking agreement .
Derek , here she is coming how long have you been here ? had about enough of these cunts Shut up , all right , shut up i 'll kill you , i swear
Kelly will take you look , take that now , you can go pay for the food , while i have a chat with Kelly , allright ? i ai n't fucking doin ' it shut your fucking face- i ai n't fucking doing it shut up , she knows what she 's doing- does she fuck , she is a little kid ... i am giving her a 100 fucking quid- no i ai n't fucking .. now , shut your fucking mouth , allright ?
did you get him a girl tonight ? and do n't fucking like to me ! yeah , i did how young ?
fucking cunt what are you two gon na do ? i do n't know have you got any money ?
Do n't try and use your initiative'cause you ai n't fucking got any . You fucking smarten yourselves up . - You taking the fucking piss , Skinny ?
What happened to your face ? It 's a long story , can I help ya ? yeah , a fucking- 30 quid no way- fuck off mate , it 's 30 quid
He 's meeting Stubbs . Why the fuck would he be doing that ? To help Don .
i 've heard of him allright , part your lips got ta put this on now you 're gon na be allright ?
You 're a trainee at Barlow , Mayhew , Beckett . That 's who you are for the next 10 minutes , okay ? Enjoying yourself ?
Stewart put him on , it 's Derek fucking trouble you , always , always , always Stewart i 've got them both they 're with me , here , now yeah , i 'm in Brighton
Please , let her go - Shut up , ok it 's out of my fucking hand now i fucking looked after you Kelly and you do this to me , cunt 's almost cut my fucking leg off Stewart put him on , it 's Derek
Neither of those goals should 've been allowed . We 're just gon na have to beat him , Pete . Beat him if it 's the last thing I do .
YOU DID N'T HAVE THE BALLS TO TAKE ME , SO YOU LET ME LIVE AND TOOK AWAY MY FRIENDS . YOU BASTARD .
( banging ) - YEAH , HOLD ON A SECOND . - ( banging )
THIS IS N'T FUNNY , YOU 'RE SCARING ME . HA HA , VERY FUNNY , NOW STOP IT . WHAT DO YOU WA -- ?
That is bloody criminal . - Throw in the Merc and all . - What ?
WE 'RE GON NA BE KILLED , PETE . BUT IT WO N'T BE ME NEXT . AND I 'LL SURVIVE WITHOUT YOU , BUT --
Is he , fuck . He 's broken more bones than Eve the Knieve . Trust me , Mr. Chairman .
( Andrea ) Nowadays , people want to face up with what 's actually happening . Cos it 's actually what 's said . And you write what 's said .
( Arnold recites ) '' They did n't think much of the ocean . The waves , they were fiddling ' and small . There was no wrecks and nobody drownded .
( Andrea ) I remember it when we first moved on . Grass ai n't like it were now . It used to be ...
The bottom line is , I 'm all messed up . ( Billy Two Hats sings in blues style ) J * The bottom line is I 'm all messed up ... Yeah .
You make me fucking sick . - Take no notice of them . The more you argue , the more they 'll have a go .
You like the seaside ? 'Course you do , everyone likes the seaside . It 's good to be beside , innit ?
Just a whore who got lucky . She knows it , do n't you , babe ? But every now and then I have to put her in her place , do n't I ?
The whole car 's fucked . You want the truth , I doubt if it 's gon na get us where we 're going . Where 's that ?
And I do n't want her to keep it cos Kirsty 's only 14 , right ? And I want ' em both to have a life . So you and your sort , you stay away from me , you hear ?
Freddie . The amount of money we 've already palmed him , you think he 'd give us one of his own kids . Frederico !
Really ? Yeah . it 'll be like having her thoughts round your neck , She must have been thinking about you when she brought them .
Good . Just do n't push it , yeah ? Nothing obvious , like a school uniform or anything crap .
Well , I know I 'm gon na be I 'm gon na be the man who 's growing old with you But I would walk 500 miles
Can look younger . I do not want kids . I hate that screaming .
I say , coachman ! Ca n't this bloody thing go faster ? !
It would be nice . You told your wife you was gon na get a job . You lied .
And if I grow old Well , I know I 'm gon na be I 'm gon na be the man who 's growing old with you
No ! And I will be in Scotland afore ye ! Look , I have another idea .
No man . The violent expedition of my love has outrun the pauser reason . Have you not heard of William bloody Shakespeare ?
I think you 're the funniest , sexiest , realist East End slapper I 've ever met , and , in case you had n't worked it out. , I do n't give up that easily . Look , I was going to cook myself fish fingers and watch the match on telly . Sounds good .
Mummy ! 'Me and him spent a lot of time together cos his dad is a right miserable bugger . 'To be fair , he was n't always miserable .
I thought I see him on the train , innit ? I swear I 'm going mad , blood . I wanted to spark him , then I thought , '' Let me calm down . ''
Ike and them must think we 're dickheads . If you 're thinking of doing it , you 're stupid . Who the fuck you calling stupid ?
Where you going ? There better be something in your fucking eye , blood . - Who the fuck are you ?
Yout ! - Safe for what you did , blood . - I did n't do nothing , man .
I chased the bre , called an ambulance , got Blammy , came here . I was banging my yat . When Dabs called , I just left her- legs up , gash out , everyting .
Saw Becky a couple of months ago . She works in that salon ting in Grove . Do n't know where Alisa is , and Jay ...
Always losing her knickers . After lunch she 'd not know where she 'd left ' em . I remember you now .
Listen , man , I ... I better dust before my man gets annoyed , yeah ? Listen , man , how long armed-response unit take to come round here ?
Course , blood . He robbed me when I was nine . Yo , Henry !
You 've gone jail , come out- what ? I ai n't got nothing against you , but I do n't think we got anything more to chat about . Ask that girl you was banging , they was mates .
Hayden ! Promise me you 're not gon na scream . Promise ?
You 'd have my back , right , Sean ? Hell 's yeah , I would have had your back . Always , my nigga , always .
It 's like that now , huh ? You just go hood to hood just smoking in people 's houses and shit , huh ? My bad , man .
What about Sabrina ? Move , man , move over , dawg . Hey , yo , Jason !
JB ... Guillermo runnin his mouth , man . Punk ass said you snuck him in the shower .
Dad wanted me to run this company , Wesley , me ! - And I can run it , Wesley ! ( WHISPERS ) Walter .
John ? First Dad screws me over , now my brother screws me over ? Nobody 's screwing you over , man .
They good for it , I promise -- Yo , show us the money first . DRUG DEALER :
No . You gon na let us in on that joint or what ? Well , I 'm saying what are you gon na do for the camera ?
No . Shh , baby , it 's gon na be okay . What 's wrong ?
You thought wrong . Does your mama know what you 're fitting doing here right now , man ? Does your mama know ?
Matter of fact , she about to have my baby . You gon na be a daddy . Yeah .
Got ta take a piss test for this job interview . Nigga , that 's why you dressed up like you going to church , man ? Yeah , nigga , that 's why .
Inside a cold , dark room of painful solitude is where he will remain . Behind these walls the sorrow is inevitable , as relentless as the passage of time . Mentalities corrupt and dark , brainwashed , and hopelessly blind .
Hey , Mary . I knew you were cool . ♪ Uh-oh , there 's a new kid in town ♪
Candace , Jason . What 's up , you two lovebirds ? Hey , Chris .
Sean 's coming home tomorrow . So things will be better tomorrow . Sean and I have been homeys since we was real little .
I 'm gon na need some I.D . And I went and spent 300 bucks on a fake I.D . Well , I got ta get , but ...
♪ ♪ Where they ai n't no more pain ♪ ♪ Together we could fly
I have pretty weird interests . I 'm gon na need some I.D . And I went and spent 300 bucks on a fake I.D .
I mean , Christ ... Get a call from this bitch here , from Faith 's cell , telling me her new number , where she lives in Atlanta . So I call .
See , that 's what 's wrong with women , man . You want to start a fight with a man and boo-hoo when he fight back ! Walter .
Why ? If I 'm not home by eight , a box pops up my PO 's computer and I 'm fucked . Oh shit .
He gets to show off his teenage arm candy to his boys . And we get to have a good time on his dime . It 's symbiosis at its finest .
What ? You think I 'm a slut now ? Is that it ?
I 'm just trying to enjoy my misguided youth . Besides , what 's wrong with playing the field ? Guys do it all the time .
I finally said yes to Ferrari . You can be my wing girl . Oh , come on .
Yeah , I 'll help ya . Just as soon as you fuckin ' ... What the fuck happened to you ?
She stopped coming to meetings . People said she was using , doing tricks . Do you know who this man is ?
This is the best thing you 've ever done . It 's a fresh start in a sick-ass city . It 's all good .
Agency suspected for years that Federov started the war by dropping the building on his own men , then blaming it on the Chechen nationalists . Then Natalia reaches out to me . Says she 's got an eyewitness , who will swear that Federov was involved .
I found it offensive . He 's kind of a jerk . It was important to your mother that I achieve some sort of commercial success .
So , in a way , you actually kinda brought this on yourself . How many of them did you fuck before you strangled them ? You know , I knew from the first moment I saw you , too .
He likes being with us . - He likes having us in the house . You got books .
Well , your dad and I talked about all of us going . - I do n't wan na do that . See you .
You know , it must have been , like , a random IP allocation . Like , they could be in Georgia for all we know . Like , Europe Georgia .
You 'll win . If you do n't , something 's wrong with them . Which is probably the case , actually .
During that time , I witnessed Federov conspire with CIA agent John Hanley to bomb a civilian building . That bombing was the start of the second Chechen war .
I just fucked . - Can you trick with the door handle ? - No .
Do you think she 's hot ? - She has unfortunately inherited my mouth . - And your exuberance .
Now you listen to me , Miss Glick . For the first time in my life , my luck has changed . I 'm on a winning streak .
Why not ? To help you through the gates of hell . This is a police report .
Phil here is a delicacy . He ​ ​ could easily lit , if you had blood in your body instead of coolant . - For God 's sake , what ...
Yes , it has begun to dawn on me . And I 've figured out your trick cherry . You tie the knot before the stalk in his mouth .
I 'm on a winning streak . I 'm not about to give up the one and only chance I ever had . Not to a pack of mangy , flea-ridden mongrels , and certainly not to you .
I 've seen them all so many times , it 's exhausting . I 'll let them know up front that you 'll be here a while . Okay .
I never told Lisa the truth , choosing instead to let her imagine the worst of me . I think she decided that whatever was in me now was dark and ugly and better left where it was , as long as it was not near her and the kids . What was I doing here ?
You are playing hard to get ! At her age , she ought to be playing '' beat the clock . '' ( BOTH LAUGHING )
Oof , now it wo n't go away . A dirty mind 's a terrible thing to waste , Clairee . And , not that it 's anybody 's business , but no , we are friends .
[ Cuban Missile Crisis : '' Click '' ] ♪ You 've got the style that makes my heart sink ♪ ♪ The wiles that make my watch stick ♪
I 'm happy right here . You always love the fireworks . ( CHUCKLING )
I do n't know if I mind a fight . Making up can be extremely romantic if memory serves . M'LYNN :
Listen to me . I am at the end of my rope here . Then tie a noose in it and slip it over your head .
PATRICK : That was the lowest , shittiest , dickhead move I 've ever seen . Second lowest .
Hang on , I promised Shelby I would get her on the phone for the surprise . She really wanted to be here , but she could n't change her shift . Okay .
Well , what is it ? What do you get from porn that you do n't get from sex with an actual person ? - I lose myself .
Try living your life knowing that all your sexual desires Have been colonized by your rapist . Try living with the guilt ,
He 's kind of right , man , you do . I do n't like more than a handful of titty . No , no , no , no , no .
Thank you . Sam , I need that tall decaf vanilla drip right away . A vanilla drip .
Hmm . Pete did n't even let me get through my pitch . She 's never going to go for my story .
We went to see some band . Back then you used to see bands when you went out . - Honey , what band was it ?
Come join the party , man . Come party with your brother . When Mom 's in Miami , I 'm the boss .
Come on . Get your fuckin ' ass up . I was betrayed by my own body .
We should wash that shit off . Pick your ass up off the bed so we can strip it , man . Let 's go , kid .
♪ All down in the dumps , man ♪ ♪ Moping and dragging my feets ♪ Coping with a life of luxuries ♪
So ... - Yo , you remember that dime from last week ? - Oh , shit .
If Armando can do it , that man is such an asshole . He treats women like they 're trash , but he makes six figures . Well , he 's got a pretty good life , no ?
I meant your journalistic secrets , knucklehead , Not your unremarkable life story . Do you guys know what I heard ?
So ... I 'm sorry , did you think I was hitting on you ? Because I 'm not .
I met with a couple of kids at the studio that I think are gon na do an album . Yeah , they got a pretty decent little sound . They 're kind of ... a little bit freak rock , a little noisy .
I was n't happy . - A nice wife and some nice kids ? Look at me !
It was either that or sacrifice one of their brothers . The funny thing about it is they still never caught up with those hijackers . - Right ?
No . We 're planning on yanking $ 42 million . Because I need you in this .
It 's disgusting . I 'm trying not to get scurvy . Boing !
That 's a promise . Hackett , hold up a minute . Came in today .
It was right before they chopped someone into little pieces . - Was gotteskind looking at Kenny kristo ? - I ca n't answer that .
Why do n't you stay and have one beer with me ? 'Cause I 'm having a shit day , and I 'm ready ... What are you doing ?
You 're gon na come fall in through the door behind me . Do n't worry your pretty little spick head off . Anyway , that was all I wanted to say .
♪ They smile , but they do n't look at him ♪ ♪ They say that it may take a while ♪ ♪ To put more diamonds in my smile ♪
Ah-ha-ha . I just left the couch sitting on the ... ah , fuck ! Yeah , I think I 'm gon na need stitches .
Giving him demerol for the pain . But he knew the drill . He got in here early enough .
[ CHUCKLES ] Listen , before I , uh , commence the launch code : Are you the one my brother slept with ?
Come on . Do n't be sad , you whiny bitches . Connor 's not worth it .
I 'm here to warn you , kid . Do n't waste your life like I did . What are you talking about ?
He circled us twice . All right , eyes and ears open . Ten-four .
We were just havin ' a little fun . Not much to do in town , it 's pretty dead over there , and uh ... you know , we needed somethin ' to do . - Really ?
The whole asshole thing you do is to get insecure women to sleep with you . - Deep down , you 're a big sweetheart . - Oh .
Get comfy . I want you to have a good view of the show . What ?
Three million dollars in Swiss accounts per our agreement . You know , in my country , the police say '' Gracias '' after being paid off . If you 're going to continue driving like a maniac ,
And it 's got two bullets in the chamber . I want you to pick up that gun . I want you to hold it really tight , and I want you to shoot me right here in my heart .
It 's your choce how to play this . Right now I 'm just a guy out for a nice drive . So much for blowing him up .
You 're somewhere out there on the deep blue , goddamn sea and I 'm writing this on a box of two semi-down pillows that I secretly bought for us at Penney 's . And I 'm smiling to myself because of the surprise I have in store for you . I 'm talking removal from our dungeon in the Crow 's Nest to our own place .
# You might not see something # # that might say it ever again # # And if you give her one chance , man # # she 's gon na take you right to yourself # # Yourself #
Let me put it this way . If you are not here on Christmas Eve , you should consider getting a job at Wally 's Whack Shack . We clear ?
I swear to God . The kid would not know the difference whether you 're there or not . Goddamn it .
# Emotionless this city lies # # Cruel it is , it clouds my eyes # # The dark , the dark # # shades on my day #
You know why this lasagna weighs 20 pounds ? It tasted like you threw in a shot put . I once worked a site with a guy like you .
You know , I 'm gon na get me a new used Ford F-150 take a ride to Digby with Irene . Going to get drunk , eat like a pig and sleep like a child ! Fish and fun-gee !
OK guys , I 've got bad news . I 'm kicking you out ... so other people may eat . Here are your checks .
Enough to live with me in it ? By now , honey , you know him much better than I do . We 're gon na make a go of it .
Why else would you screw many of them ? It 's time for you to overdose . Oh !
Breaks my heart When it breaks my heart When it breaks my heart
For what ? Because you got the shakes ? - I was scared .
I think she only tried drugs once . There was a lifeguard who gave her a hash brownie . She threw it up all over him .
Screw etiquette . Competing reps are not your friends . Okay , Knight .
We might as well roll down our windows and wave . - J.J. , you tail him , all right ? - Copy that .
What are you doing outside ? I was just gon na ride my bike for the camera . You stay with Grandma .
Jennifer Marsh , Detective Eric Box . Portland Police has him on the Miller abduction . - Jennifer 's our case agent on this .
And if you did , we can always come back with a warrant . So how do you wan na play it ? Hi .
All right ? I 'm a little tired , I 'm a little wired , and I think I deserve a little appreciation . I said 50 cars , not 49 and a half .
Two nights ago we snare these 13 fresh stolens waiting for export , right ? And at the time I 'm thinking , '' This feels like Randall Raines . '' Now , it did n't have your panache , your , uh , flash ... but it just felt like Randall Raines .
It 's a snake ! It 's trying to kill me , man ! Get this thing off me !
Go . Oh , um , there 's a container ship at pier 14 . You might wan na check it out .
Yeah . Hey , Memphis , you know , we still have the Mercedes keys from the last boost . Hey !
You need a booth , okay ? It 's better for flirting , not-so-accidental touching , making out . Game on .
`` say the attacker forced the victim `` to choose between losing his hearing or losing his fingers . '' How does a person do something like that ?
Text me . I was nervous , relying on the school Neanderthal , but what was the worst he could do ? - Are you kidding me with this ?
We 'll investigate . It 's just -- you want my gut on this ? I think it 's one of your stupid friends .
Before he rolled up into that match ? He told me he had never been more proud of anyone than he was of his lil ' bro . Ever since you was kids , you ai n't never given up on nothir .
When you kept havir episodes and takir off your clothes and tryir to pee on the TV and shit , we knew what was up . You got your drink tapped with meth , nig . You been down for a day .
Your eyesight or your beauty ? You 'll either never be able to see yourself again , or the world will see what a miserable hag you really are . [ sobbing ] [ shouts ]
N. I.G.G.A . Never Ignorant and Gettir Goals Accomplished . Now you use that shit , JTRO .
Come on , give me a nice smile . Just give me your eyes . There you go .
Yo , you know what BTRO told me that night , huh ? Before he rolled up into that match ? He told me he had never been more proud of anyone than he was of his lil ' bro .
You just figured , '' What the fuck ? '' That 's going to be a rad story to tell the grandkids . It 's the best I got , JTRO .
Man : Get out of here , you waste of skin ! Stacy :
Sweet ! She was not gon na be head cheerleader : And --
Trainir ? This is Beat War not trainir day , chump ! I 'm da king , remember ?
# And da rockets red glare # # Da bombs fuckir burstir in air # Jesus fuckir Christ .
Rock Beat ] - [ Tina ] One , two , three , four , five , six , seven , again : ! One , two , three , four , five , six , seven , again !
Bitch fired off a few lucky shots . But JTRO jumped his ass . It was like bow to the bridge !
His shit is whack . He 'll biff himself half way through the match . Trippir ass lip smackir pancake munchir mofucka !
Our head cheerleader : She 's got rules against this kind of thing : And you 've got ta follow the rules :
Remember our little '' discush '' You have to decide , are you with us : or are you with him ?
Come on . After he fuckir slipped turpentine in my drink I woke up the next morning next to his ass , just figured , what the fuck ?
Down by the riverbed , chuggir mouthwash with some of the older boys . So you building a sand castle or what you got going on there ? No , I 'm looking for a rag .
Here comes JTRO and crew ! This shit 's goir get ill ! We goir break history tonight !
. When I rock like this rock like this .
You 're the one who asked for the competition : Ready to back out yet ? Are you kidding me ?
Monica : ! Time for some damage control For a minute there , I thought I was looking at a Hefty Bag
Where the fuck is it ? One of you has taken it ! One of you has fucking taken it !
I remember taking the phone call ..... and somebody saying ..... '' If you do n't do it , Blur will . '' To which I laughed , and handed the phone to Liam . And I was , like , '' Oh , fuck , I 'd better do it , then ( !
It was , you know , verboten , it was not allowed . Um , so desperate was everyone to believe ..... in the con that it was . What really pissed me off was , um , ..... when I kind of made a comment about ..... I did n't really understand , or did n't feel he could justify ..... sending his kids to private school , or '' grant-funded '' , sorry .
For thy love is better than wine . His fruit was sweet to my taste . His left hand is under my head , and his right hand doth embrace me .
* You wan na live like common people ? * You wan na see whatever common people see ? * Wan na sleep with common people ?
And that everyone would be dropped . Er , you know , the sort of , the promise of ... Well , OK , put it this way , ..... maybe I was just delusional , ..... but I 'd been given the impression ..... that , um , I was asked there ..... because they had an interest in what I had to say .
You can add a tenth to that list. `` A tendency to see through all the bullshit surrounding you , and rise above it . '' - I 'll tick that box myself .
That means I take back 100 to 120 grand every night for my team of four . That team of four is multiplied by another team of four , so every night I drop 200 grand to my boss . - And who 's that ?
That never helps in a situation , you know . You do n't often hear people say ..... '' Ooh , since he 's been taking them drugs , he 's such a nice person . '' `` He 's really come out of his shell , he 's really nice .
I thought we all did ! Are you saying you wan na work for this company , jumped through every hoop to get here but you do n't know who they are ? They listed salary and benefits .
Too great for any one man to bear . People are gon na need this product , and we can only make so much at a time . Tough decisions are gon na have to be made by a wise administrator , someone who combines a listening disposition with attention to detail and compassion for her fellow man .
So , no money , and no follow-up book deal . But get this into your thick heads . Zoe decided it was all wrong before the film tanked .
Do n't worry about that for now . Mate , all you 've got ta do is take 100 cards and empty a couple of cash machines every night , and for that I 'm gon na give you £ 1,000 a night in cash . What do you say ?
Do n't let your earpiece fall out , whatever you do . And a million quid 's worth of lights , and of course , it 's going out live , but , other than that ... Okay , we 're seconds .
Brownie 's honor . And you 're talking to the gal who 'll take the secret of Brownel 's cannabis plants to her grave . Why the clandestine meeting ?
He 's very flexible . We love to fill ourselves at parties . Right .
All right , all right , all right . I 've got my own machines to do . Fucking dickhead .
What 's my real name ? You just asked someone you do n't know their proper name to go and live abroad with ' em . It 's not me you should be asking .
I do n't even know how long I want to stay there . It 's not like I 'm carrying Ralph 's demon lovechild . Oh , heaven preserve us .
Yeah . - Can I come in for a sec ? Um ...
Where ? She took iboga , she 's not a good driver at the best of times . I gave her a bit of stem .
It 's necessary , I 'm starting an army . Got ta get my people trained up . Where you training , here , in this shit hole ?
I liked it personally ... Oh fuck that , I LOVED it ! It was exciting !
♪ For an hour in the park or an hour on the couch ♪ ♪ With the boy of my choice if he makes me go '' Ouch ! '' ♪ ♪ I will swap all my dumb school prizes ♪
♪ I 'm gon na go and get changed . ♪
I 'm fine . Um , I was going to go out for a wander if you want to come . No , I 'm just gon na to stay here .
She 's dead , she 's dead '' . Fucking Chris got me running all over , otherwise I 'd be able to help you out with this bird . Have n't had this much excitement since Kajaki .
You can only have 5 rounds in the chamber , can you see ? That 's because it 's a model 36 , right ? Fuck me , mate , each one of them packs a wallop like a fucking brick through a plate-glass window .
( knocking ) ( door opening ) ... a self-absorbed prat . I suppose with ...
♪ I just wanted to play a part , but I never thought I could till Eve came along .
Yeah , go on then . Call my uncle and tell him to get my brief down the nick , all right ? Come on then , pussy'oles .
Hello , mate . You spend half your life in that subway scoring and shooting up , or whatever it is you do down there . Come on , mate , tell us what happened .
We 're supposed to go to bed when this is finished . Yeah right , go to bed . But you 're supposed to read us a story .
I 'm gon na deal with you later , Kenneth . Yeah , so ... so you were saying 700 for the.38 ? - Yeah .
I bet you buzzed off it , did n't ya ? Sticking it to some old codger . After all , you 've had it stuck into you all your life , have n't you ?
Thank you very much . Put the kettle on , then . - Put the kettle on what ?
Yeah . But , uh , can I have it in my room ? Zhang Mei 's in there .
I did it ! What do you call that glob ? Hello what 's your name ?
Then what ? Fucking , just gave him a couple of slaps , that 's all , man . He had this fucking big shank , man .
7 bills for the.38 , 8 and a half for the Glock and a full grand for that Sig there . What the fuck are you doing , man ? You do n't touch the merchandise until we 've seen some fucking coin .
Sleep . You can , uh , stay here if you want . Like ...
Are you all right , Harry ? Are you OK , me old mate ? Officers need assistance .
Bollocks . Besides , Kenny What's-his-name slipped him a bung . - Sid ?
Evil little cock , hey ? How about I just slice your tits off and stick them on the wall , hey ? I gave you a chance , Hannah .
It 's nothing personal . I 'm trying to turn my life around and you 're fucking it up . Now , if you want help to go and get some gear , then I 'll help you .
And I was n't meant to make it out alive . You were in line with a promotion of the new government , helped them win , got rid of your boss . Must be happy with you .
Why did n't you come to bed ? - I conked out on the sofa . - Well , come up now , then .
All I 'm trying to do is bringing her up in an environment where she can feel secure , and I 'm doing that the best way I know how . I 'm fucking sorry if she gets in the way . That is not what I said or meant !
But I want more . But do n't you think you might be confusing being a homosexual with -- A '' homosexual '' ?
The perpetrators knew we were gon na be there at that time . They knew where we were going . And you did n't stop them ?
Why kick your buddy ? Some cunt annoyed me in the bookies . Came out , took it out on him .
You wo n't be saying that when he 's hanging off your fucking face ! It 's not your fault , buddy . It 's not your fault .
I 'm not proud of it . I thought she was dumb . But she was n't .
Well , do you want to share it ? Wan na give me a fucking laugh ? - Not really .
That 's my baby . He 's killed my fucking baby , man ! That 's my ( 10993 !
My fucking dog ! 'That sounded about right somehow . ' Fuck !
Daze do n't like guests . - So where am I gon na sleep , Tara ? - I do n't know .
Do n't worry ! - Bruv , that 's not your baby . - Come on , bruv !
And news just in- Police in Luther County are investigating the mysterious death of the former policeman and private investigator Winston Lee-Burrill after his body was discovered early this morning . The sheriff 's department reports the suspected killers are in fact Mr. Lee-Burrill 's pet snakes , which escaped from their cages in the middle of the night .
Hold up ! ♪ Hey , yo , we 're still out here In the bits ♪ She 's still in there Geftin ' jizz on her tits
' Right , I 'm goin ' for a piss . Please , man ...
Go ! All right , then , what 's that time gon na be on Sunday ? - Under 23 .
Cool , boss . He just wants to have a chat , all right ? About you steppin ' up .
Come , man . I just wan na talk , man Come on . Let 's go .
Hey , man , listen ... I 've been smoking the spider weed , yeah ? And it makes you feel exactly one centimeter tall .
I think I should come with you . Not sure that 's gon na help . - See you later .
♪ Do n't come round here no more You could get robbed for ♪ Real , yeah , because my manors ill ♪ My manors ill
Who the fuck do you think you 're talking to , you chav cunt ? - Fuck you , you fucking mug ! - Take it easy , mate !
♪ Left a permanent scar on his face The same as his ♪ With a razor blade Yeah , it takes the piss Whether you 're prejudiced or not Man , he 's just a kid
No , I ai n't doing that , no fucking way Do n't be fucking silly , yes you are I 'll give you 200 quid it 's a little girl Derek
fucking rip-off , look the claws are all loose could 've bloody bought 2 by now yeah , you 've got to win it , ai n't you ? well hurry up then that 's it go on shit well- go on , go again all right , that 's it do n't drop it
He wants to hear it from you . Well , I 've got a fucking reply for him . But you wo n't be passing it on .
I know it is He asked me , and I do fucking know Look , if I do n't find it , he 'll go and get one from somebody , so I might as well do it
do your Mum and Dad smoke ? my Mum 's dead my Dad did my Dad smokes
i am in trouble what kind of trouble do n't matter , i need to get some money- i ai n't got any Kelly no , you allright i need to come work for the day where can i go ? they do n't do it down here surrey , anyway , there wo n't be anybody around plus you look like shit Kell I ai n't worried about that
... good can we get a nother one ? we do n't have all bloody day thanks all right , make it quicker this time- i will i 'm gon na roll yeah ?
it fucking pains , look at my fucking leg you want shells ? what else am i gon na fire out of it ? i want on me , in case Stewart Allen comes after me 'll kill her my self , that stupid and their stupid fucking heads get me in this mess
Stubbs tried to cut in on the deal . Thinks it 's fucking war now . - Whatever gave him that idea ?
Fuck ! I 've left my phone in the flat , fuck ! right , it 's 11 now , i 'll meet you around 3- okay okay , do you know where the Arcade is ?
All right , look , Robbo has got 10 grand invested in this little venture . And he wants his money really , really quick .
yes how many times ? come on , how many fucking times ? 2 i think it was 2 you stabbed my Dad twice ?
When they left , I broke in again and hit the fucking jackpot . If at first you do n't succeed ... Hello ?
no , no , i do n't know anything one of the other girls went her , honest where are they now ? i dunno , i thought they 'd still be there well , they 're not who 's the other girl ?
Yeah . Well , an awful lot of money we 're talking about right now , and the last fucking thing I need is a feud . It 's no feud .
all right then , be good ... , all right , i 'll see you later i 'll see you later , yeah ? where you gon na go Joanne ? why ?
Knows every opponent 's formations , strategies , everything . I 've heard he 's a superstitious twat . We grew up just a few streets apart in Middlesbrough ... close to Ayresome Park .
Just wait in the car for a minute , lads . I 'm just gon na have a chat with Uncle Pete . So chucked you out already , have they ?
WHAT ? LAURA , LET US KNOW THAT ANDY AND LUCY ARE OKAY , JUST PROVE IT TO US . WE 'RE HERE .
This one just plays like he 's 16 . - Are you gon na buy any more ... ? - This one , Duncan McKenzie .
I NEVER DID THAT . MUST 'VE BEEN SOME OTHER BIRD , THEN . I THINK I MAY LEAVE YOU GUYS .
DO N'T GET ME WRONG , I APPRECIATE THE PEACE AND THE QUIET , IT 'S JUST -- AT LEAST THE TABLOIDS WO N'T SNIFF YOU OUT UP HERE . SWEETIE , I 'M IN SOME GUTTER RAG TWICE ,
I had stacks and stacks of methadone in that cabinet . Cos I used to use and try not to take the methadone . I used to take the methadone , erm , when I really needed to .
But the main thing we 've got in common is we want the same things . You do let him speak from time to time ? I 'll put a question to him .
I said , '' Can you hell . '' I said , '' You deal with losing your son . '' Cos this were only a couple of days after he died . And she were wanting to have my child and I was like , '' No . ''
I 'm sorry . Yeah , I can see that . Do n't play catch-up , Mary .
Barry . Kirsty , I 'm going to have to go and see my boys now , OK ? - I 'm going to come back and see you later .
And hurry up , I have n't got all night . Give me a fucking chance , will you , man ? - What 's your name ?
Do n't you stick your oar in or I 'll fucking flatten you , bastard . You tell him , man , you tell him . It 's all your fault .
We just went to , erm , the graveside and just took flowers , you know the flowers that everybody had brought . Because we had n't got no vases , she was just sticking ' em in the grave like that . You know , just one flower after another .
What kind of business ? The none-of-your kind , sweet cheeks . And where 's Dean ?
Try glorifying something that can see you end up with your head shoved down a karzy at my age . Why do they call you Jimmy The Gent ? It 's not a compliment .
Honestly , I could give a fuck , just as long as it 's there . There 's something so ...
OK . I 'll pinch some sarnies from the supermarket . OK .
You piss away my profits , I 'm gon na piss on you . You 're too busy banging the tarts . They 're too tired to bang the punters .
You know , I never understood it , you know when people talk about guns being phallic . What a load of old tits . I mean , what 's phallic about that ?
You take a few days off , get yourself rested . You leave all this to me , yeah ? You 're not gon na tell him it came from me , are you ?
I 'm talking about a proper cup of tea . With a saucer , served from a teapot , with a bicky on the side . Digestive or Rich Tea ?
And then I do you . What , he does n't even trust you with the dosh ? I do n't know .
What we gon na do ? We 're gon na dump these bodies . Where ?
Everyone pays . Last fella who did n't went for a swim off the end of the pier . Only he did n't get very far .
It 's not efficient . It 's bloody hard work , that 's what it is . People are starting to notice , you know .
We was just talking about that . Why do n't you join us , love ? - She knows ?
You know , this is how they put wounded soldiers out of their misery on the battlefield . - Oh , aye , what 's that called ? - Does n't really have a name .
This way . My dad come get me . - I hope so .
Look , I ... I do n't need ten quid either , really . So ... er ... maybe we could just have a talk ?
Probably think it 's peculiar , do n't you ? Bet you thought , '' She 's an East End girl , bound to have a gran and a mum '' all rallying around saying , '' You 'll get over it .
You know what ? You 're the first bre that asked me what I like to do in years . - So where exactly is Becky , then ?
I was banging my yat . When Dabs called , I just left her- legs up , gash out , everyting . Let me call Henry , man .
Ike and Andre and them man . They had some next bre there , offering bare Ps , blood . We 'll split it , me and you .
But you know what , cuz , it do n't even matter . I ai n't into all that stupidness . You told them it 's all nonsense , yeah ?
? - I ai n't supposed to tell you , blood . - Come on , blood , I ai n't gon na tell no one .
Look , yeah , I did n't know Trife well , but ... it 's fucked-up he 's dead . - So do you know anything ? - Why the fuck would I know anything ?
Get off me ! - What the fuck is wrong with you ? - You know what ?
Got home four weeks ago- gone . I ai n't seen or heard from her since . - You do n't seem that bothered .
Is this what you want ? - See , you 're just like me , man . - No , I 'm nothing like you .
So I do n't see you in a couple of months , yeah , and you got yourself a girl , blood ? Babe , check they did n't put no onions in it . You know how you get .
What the fuck do you think ... You ai n't getting shit , bruv . Oi !
Go away , Chris . Catch up with you later . If you can just wait ...
Do n't touch me , you slut . Hey , you guys made me drop the fucking blunt . Look , I do n't know what 's going on between y'all , but I wan na get high , so I 'm leaving .
What do you want me to do ? Show me them little titties . Ca n't you find someone your own age to mess with ?
Well , break it up or something . I ca n't have the cops come to my house . Yo , break it up .
Good for you . 'Cause you only live once , right ? Yeah .
FALTON : Come to the office , we 'll straighten this out . Do it !
( WESLEY SIGHS ) Babe , you know Maria forgot to put my shoe stretchers in again ? - Really ?
That sounds nice . Things are gon na be different . We 're gon na be different .
What do you all want to say to the world ? Yo , I want to say , suck on this ! Yo , that 's hot .
Well , we going anyway , so shut the fuck up ! Damn , man , why you got ta yell at me and shit ? No , man , I 'm good .
What 's up , college boy ? Welcome back to the real world . It sucks , do n't it ?
You know what I 'm saying , huh ? Yo , J , why you saying this , man ? I 'm your boy .
What ? The sad thing is this whole motherfucking beautiful country being run by motherfucker who are just like you . These little ... quick trigger motherfuckers just like you .
Because Reggie want a gun . Man , you know that fool crazy . You know he 's crazy , Reg .
is with his right hand , man . - Yo , I got some poon last night . Oh , yeah , from who ?
Officer ? Give us a hand , will you ? - No !
♪ With a mic in the hand selling with gat ♪ ♪ You wan na strap somethin ' else follow me rap ♪ ♪ Listen
God . My ears are still ringing . God , look , do n't worry about him , okay ?
Well , small world . I remember when I was a kid , boy , I would spend hours there all the time . You ride ?
I 'll find you , so help me God ... I never would have pegged you for a farm girl . What 's that supposed to mean ?
I do n't have an explanation . And if that means I need to spend four to six more years before I get another chance ... fine . I 'm gon na have to live with that too .
This is gon na hurt me a lot more than it 's gon na hurt you . How old were you when you got your cherry popped , Faith ? The fear of reckoning .
Go to bed . I 'll be to check on you in a sec . Lola , what are you gon na do with that gun ?
I 'm not looking to hook up . I just want to have some fun . - No harm , no foul , huh ?
What ? It means '' bitch . '' Do n't you remember ? You 're calling me a bitch ?
I do n't wan na go . - I do n't give a shit ! Get in the car .
I know I fucked up big time . I said I 'm fucking sorry ! That 's all there is to say .
Oh , come on . He wants to show me some culture . The guy 's , like , loaded , and he ai n't shy about spending it .
Lucy ? - Never had you pegged for the father type , Peter . That such a lovely little girl could come from your DNA defies logic .
I 'd like to take him for just tonight . I 'll give you two Thursdays in a row or something . - Mom .
Yes , this is Jurgen . I need location information on a subject ... Fournier .
She was one of ours , Weinstein . It was over when the Russians made her . We did her a favor .
Well , you 're driving in morning , so good night . I 'd like to see you make me , you Caltech turncoat . Haley , this fish tank 's leaking something .
I love you . I wan na see you as much as your mom does . - But there 's seven days .
You try . You guys should just stop provoking him . He 's probably just some little kid .
Maybe hen is the next Picasso . There are not many Picasso . And the rest starve .
Come here , buddy ! Your nanny has certainly arrived . - Do you know how old she is ?
All right , let 's do this . Open up a Linux terminal and start an Nmap , dude . Haley 's gon na have to drive tomorrow .
Watch your language ! Your daughter is aiming at me , but I have to watch my language ? - Give me the gun .
Take it easy , I have a plan . I 've thought about it all night while we packed . I just need to clear a couple of years , until I 'm 18
Salaam , Mom . Sorry that we have destroyed your life . You are in love with her , right ?
For it is not about to fuck . It may sound silly , but I 'm certainly in love . She is a child !
Porter Wren . Your goons shot my little boy this afternoon , did you know that ? - [ gags ]
You 're a freshman , right ? I have been caught up as everyone other . You thought I was favored ?
The diamonds . I do n't know what you 're talking about . That six million dollars you inherited , Mr. Witherspoon .
Well , what does your husband say ? Nothing , since he disappeared last week . Disappeared ?
What 's her name ? Lucy in the sky with diamonds . Lucy Diamond Dawson .
Superhero ? - Oh , he plays a superhero in this one . Kind of a supe ...
Classic black and white , no nudity . A Tale Of Two Kidneys . ( ALL LAUGHING )
No . When you work a seven-day stretch on a offshore oil rig , seems like the only thing you want to do on your day off is sleep . It 's such a hard life .
Joe , what do you tell your dad when you leave all the time ? If we were talking , I still would n't tell him shit . Jesus , what happened between you two ?
If I go out with another couple , I 'm a third wheel . If I go out with you , we just a couple of old biddies . Uh-oh .
You think you got the market cornered on human suffering ? Let me tell you something about people like me . People like me feel lost and little and ugly ... and dispensable .
AII the money 's gone and the car and my gold earrings , the ones that belonged to my grandma . He 's in big trouble with the law . Well , I should think so .
I do n't have to flake on my friends anymore . I do n't have to waste my time in a fucking classroom . It just feels good , like ...
For my lawyer for free ! They want to have you evaluated by a shrink ... And your appointment is today !
I do n't wan na get caught out and now some guy 's coming at me with a bat or some shit . No , it 's nothing like that . All right .
Oh , we 're here to talk about you , though , right ? Oh , yeah , I guess so . Well , where do we start ?
Oh , no . I swear to God , I did n't even know . Junkies are so sneaky .
I do n't actually want to go to a shrink . Sam , you do n't actually have a choice . It 's court-ordered .
Yo , not gon na lie . This sound gets me hard as a fucking rock . But I do n't like to go too fast right off the bat .
I was out with some girlfriends . We went to see some band . Back then you used to see bands when you went out .
[ Laughs ] Well , can I come in ? Yeah .
Okay , good . The chocolate pretzels are a humongous hit . Good , good .
But today I hit 11 . And you know , when I have great fucking days like this , it just reminds me how much I love being single . I do what I want , when I want .
When I was a kid or something . You 're never gon na do it again ? No .
All right . Maybe we 'll just drive a bit . All right , I hope you pussies are up for some drinking tonight !
Yeah , they got a pretty decent little sound . They 're kind of ... a little bit freak rock , a little noisy . But they have this girl who plays the cello , and I think that 's supposed to be ironic , but I ca n't tell anymore .
# It 's such a sweet sensation # It 's such a good vibration # # It 's such a sweet sensation #
That 's bullshit . Making out in the street . Before they got in the cab .
Well , actually , I do n't know if it was you . Something I 've always kinda wondered is , is it the same guy I 'm talking to every week or there 's a few of you and you switch off , or ... how does that all work ? Well , anyway , I told the Father a while back that I stopped watching pornography , but that was a lie , I did n't stop at all .
Can I bring something up ? But you have to promise not to get mad . Jill , are you kidding me ?
It 's really ... oop . I feel like we 're gon na break it . We 're good .
You hurt ? Okay , I 'm gon na make sure the cops know how to find us . I 'll be back .
You want your money or you want to be looking behind you for the rest of your worthless fucking life ? Do this deal and I 'll see nobody knows about you . You can take your little Burton-Ernie act to the other side of the country .
We 'll get everything . When we 're done ... which I think we can be done by 2 : 00 ... we shower , we dress up , and we go to a nice dinner on me . Really ?
I understand , Mr. Hackett -- - Nobody 's splitting us up , lady . He 's my brother .
Whatever . Yeah , I do n't like this face to face business . We 'll set up 50 yards apart .
My mom won a lawsuit a few years back . - Come on , Reuben , nor even a dog 's dumb enough to buy that one . Look , I do n't care how you earn your living but the guys that grabbed leila , they might have .
The trucks , Mike . - We 're gon na torch the trucks . - No evidence .
They 've got this basement where they keep some of them more specialised stuff . I was killing the game . You would n't really noticed them unless they spoke to you .
Put the money in these bags . Put them in the hole , all right ? Keep it moving .
I am not a cop . - Where 'd you find this ray of sunshine ? PAUL :
`` I 'm starved . '' You 're really testing me , bro . Every day .
Why would you come back ? Because I 'm the reason you 're in this mess , Jake . - Just stay put .
And they never found that money either . See not everybody 's a hero , soldier boy . So when are you gon na tell us about all them kills you got over there in Baghdad ?
Mine , Sheriff . If you get a hit , pass it on to the troopers . Wow !
No . Took her to the coat room , found out she had a tenpin up her dress ? Do n't worry , it happens to all of us .
Not really . I mean , seriously , Jenny , my Uncle Wayne is rolling over in his grave right now . No , come on .
All right . I 'll brief you when we touch down . Update me .
No phone numbers , no last names . Hey , no first names if you can swing it . Will somebody please call Child Protective Services ?
Then get doing . You need to check every building that has a camera facing the street , I want you to check that and see if you can get an ID or a license plate .
Somethin ' about '' you do n't want to drive five hours to see a football game ? '' Well , I 'm not a big croud guy . Plus , someone has to stay behind , to keep the peace .
I got an idea . I got two conditions that need to be met before we do anything . Well , name it .
Hold on , stay , stay . I need you to help me save someone . ?
Why 'd you leave ? You did n't even leave a note . Men usually leave me first .
That 's an order ! Damn , I ca n't see anything . What 's the gauge say ?
Let 's get her lashed down . Bugs , put the birds in the water . Birds in .
Do you mind ? Stinks in here , does n't it ? Not anymore .
You were running . You were running from something . Maybe I was trying to run to something or someone .
You head out the South Channel past Rocky Neck , Ten Pound Island past Niles Pond , where I skated as a kid . You blow your horn and wave to the lighthouse keeper 's kid on Thatcher Island . Then the birds show up .
Your little animals , grab the coin and run for the door . - They 're off to by crack . - Definitely .
I got a Benefit coming up . One of those ... black tie worthy cause , lousy food kind of thing . And I was wondering ...
This is why I 'm so happy right now . Because I fucked that girl . Oh , my shit , I fucked that girl !
I mean , you do realize that you are not a good person because you pity-fuck the sick girl , right ? I almost went home with someone from the clinic today . All right .
Will ... spare me the bullshit . Honey , are you feeling alright ? You look sort of sea foam green .
Yep . And then I went to the pharmacy to get the scrip filled . Which was closed , so no meds for Maggie .
Sorry . You think maybe you 've had enough ? Nope , I do n't , but you do .
Please ... ? But then you 're going to have to promise you 're going to get in your jammies . - Yes .
What makes you say that ? Well , high-tech toys and porn and then out of the blue , he buys a gold wristwatch . How come ?
Kip Raines took the job , and he ... he screwed up ... uh , he screwed up pretty bad . And who put out the order for the job ?
I think you 've sacrificed enough already , do n't you ? Nobody 's gon na blame you for taking cover . The piece of shit 's camped out on your front lawn .
Johnny B . The cops , man . I ai n't got nothin ' but time , baby . Oh , man , we 're gon na be here all night , man .
I 'm coming . - How are things with you and Maddy ? - Better .
Money ? - You got ta be out of your minds . - Is that why you think I 'm doing this ?
And you should know , I work for him . There were n't a lot of opportunities for retired car thieves on the gimp . He put me to work .
Hell , where are we ? - What do you mean , you do n't know where you 're goin ' ? - Which way is out ?
You want me to what ? I do n't wan na be anybody 's DUFF anymore , okay ? I wan na be my own person .
If anybody ever sees this , I 'll rip your nut sack off . I 'll rip it right off . - Okay .
Yeah . - I love it when you talk dirty to me . - Maybe we 'll accidentally touch knees .
Where 's Wesley ? Are n't you gon na go get your crown ? No , I 'm gon na get the girl .
Throw me a bone here . Your kid wants to join their ranks ? Good times .
Dad , stop it . This is your new Mr. Bitchir ? Hell no !
[ electric buzzing ] I 'm gon na have to call you back . Bye .
Shh . We 're kind of like an underground railroad and shit . What are you talking about ?
I 'll see you later . If you want to get laid tonight , you better drop the fucking attitude . [ knocking at door ]
What about Sugga Nigga ... And that wiffle bat suckir bitch Beat Box ? Bitches in the trunk .
Yeah , sure . Just give me a second . Sorry , guys .
Get up ! Get up , you fuckir pussy ! One , two , three ... four , five , six ... seven , eight , nine ...
Hope I 'm the one I yell real loud and make the Stingers super proud : ! Brilliant : !
I get it . You just figured '' What the fuck ? '' right ? No .
He 'll biff himself half way through the match . Trippir ass lip smackir pancake munchir mofucka ! Yo , nig .
Shit 's all fucked up in the FP , JTRO . After BTRO got 187 'd , the 248 lost its shit . The 245 has over .
Sit back , relax and enjoy the show ! What 's wrong with you people ? Yeah !
Yeah . You got some choice moves , JTRO . - No shit ?
Shit , nig ! Click it or ticket , bitch ! You 're crazy !
Dear Lord , help us kick almighty ass today Help us to perform the double back handspring into as your only son Jesus would : This is a big sporting event for us :
Well , anyway , I 'd be all over her : - You know , if she had a schwinger : [ Tina ] Enough : !
Just leave me alone . - Run to granny , you prat . Are you alright ?
Now you cross with me all the time . - Because you are a total and utter bitch . Ah , look at you two .
You 're sick like me . Your death will be explained away , OK ? No one outside this room even cares .
* Wan na live , I do n't wan na die * Maybe I just wan na breathe * Maybe I just do n't believe
I 'm a bird ? ( laughs ) No , I 'm not saying you 're a bird . What does that mean ?
.. and life that you 've led seems to not count for anything any more . You ca n't do them things any more , ..... cos you 've got all these people going '' Urrgghhh ! '' at you . So , you , er ...
For fuck 's sake . Just run some interference , for fuck 's sake . - All right , boys ?
What the fuck ? Can you believe this shit ? You stealing from us ?
You were a passenger in here , anyway . - You fucked your way to the top . - Then I saved your life .
What do you say ? Yeah , fuck it , I 'm in . But before you accept , I 've got a little question for you .
Bit obsessed with me hair . You 've got ta have a decent haircut if you 're the front man of a band . Yeah , man .
Do you know who you 're fucking with ? - I know exactly who I 'm fucking with . You 're just a Londoner who thinks he 's a big man .
I liked her . - Yeah , of course you did . - Give it 20 years .
it 's ... it 's Topbeef here , son . We 've got a bit of a situation , mate . Cool , cool .
Is this girl a mummy ? No , but she 's writing for a market of mummies . It 's really quite a big demographic .
He ai n't fucking stupid , fella . What happened with all that money , eh ? What did Eddie do with it ?
Bonobos put us to shame . It 's not just the sex , it 's , uh ... They 're a ... a tribe .
Because you do n't want the Old Bill finding the drugs . There are no drugs in this fucking car . I 'm telling you .
Right . OK , I 'll catch you later . This him ?
I 'm glad . Whoever robbed you knew exactly where you were gon na be and that you were carrying that money . Not a lot of people knew that .
Speaking of which , you 've been doing good at the job . - it 's a piece of piss . - I know , but you never ask questions .
You know ? Y'know you ca n't pin it down . Ca n't compute .
I have a proposition for you . I hope that 's not as pervy as it sounds . Good god , no .
Ah yeah doing what ? I wan na kill the Queen . - So you off to London then .
Well ... They 're fucking loonies , arent they ? I had to get out somehow .
But I do n't trust Chris . Let 's not do this ... now , Alyana , okay ? What happened to you ?
She is unbelievable . Yup , but it 's not like she 's gon na look at us with all the Swiss Germans here . No , there 's no way she 's getting past the big Swiss German .
I 'm just saying , this is a ned city now . It 's a Victorian theme park , but it 's run by neds . What happened to the Victorians ?
Put my butter all over my ... watch ... Fucking hell ... it 's a bitch . Go on get some of that rubbed on my back you cunt .
And I 've got a plan that involves a gradual reintroduction to your life , combined with a step by step reduction in your pills . And how long 's that gon na take ? Enjoying our time in Glasgow , very much so .
They 're not here for the Jihad , they 're here for the money . Also , we have to consider the possibility ... that she 's been feeding us false intel , maybe even from the start . - You do n't trust her ?
This is actually -- it 's quite a good song if we could play it . All I can hear is the bloody drums . Ow .
Hey Charlie . Not feeling very well now , mate ? Oh yeah !
They think it 's the strap that gives ' em that power , that respect . Ah , do n't worry , I got time . I 'm not some liquer , you know .
He ai n't done nothing . Mum , give it a rest , will ya ? Sergeant Hicock , can I please speak to my mum ?
Well , let 's do our job then , wo n't we Dan ? Why dont you get some kip , man . You look fucked .
It 's nice and easy . Turn over , you fucking slag . Come on .
Maybe I should just murder Jones myself , man . Nah , what you need to do ... is ... get Ryan off the Estate , and then , the pair of you ... get as far the fuck away from here as possible . Out there ?
Did you lose it ? - Are you a fucking psychologist now ? Did you stab him , Noel ?
What ? You 're still an ugly bastard . Was it Jones ?
It 's a pound a bullet . 7 bills for the.38 , 8 and a half for the Glock and a full grand for that Sig there . What the fuck are you doing , man ?
So , what happened , son ? You 're chatting shit there , bruv , I do n't know what you 're talking about . Tell me what happened to Leonard .
I 'm sorry . Hey , are you sure she 's OK ? Maybe we should take her to the hospital ?
Mmm . One step at a time , eh ? Any chance of a bit of toast ?
See this thing here , blood ? Fucking faggot , you run for it , you 're getting this . What the fuck do you want ?
Have n't you had enough , Harry ? I do n't think I 've seen you pissed before . * But you could leave me standing so tall ...
Anthony said not to , because of the tax . We could keep some of it though could n't we , like a reward ? - Get in .
I heard that Kenny , and you , were the men to see . Well , you better come in then , brother . Put the fucking gun down , Kenneth .
What do you think ? It 's great , but on you it 's gon na be like sticking a sequin on a rat 's ass . You look amazing !
What ? Well you know sometimes you tell people about mam and they give you money or sweets . Well I told God and ... well who else would have that kind of money ?
Is there a run on rooms in Northampton ? The weather forecast says it 's going to be ... Shit for the week , so we may have to scale the garden down .
For me normally it 's just a bit of fun . It peaces out after a few weeks . I ... really like you , and ...
Now , you ca n't explain that to a woman , but you 'd have thought a man would have got it . Just a bodily function , mate . Ai n't anything .
' I do n't know if it got in the papers to you , 'but Samuel got attacked by that dog . 'That fucking cunt who was seeing to his mother'got the doggy wound up so much'that it turned on the nearest thing to it . ' Give me that fucking bunny !
Please . Or is your man a jaffa ? Thanks for the tea .
Now , if you want help to go and get some gear , then I 'll help you . But if your old man 's gon na keep bartering the fuck out of you , go to family or friends or your Christian buddies . - You 've no business with me .
And I ca n't stand the sight of you any more . You 're a little fucking coward ! Pretends he believes in God and is ill in the head .
The thing is , Joseph , they stopped the fucking buses on account of that cow . That 's my mode of transportation . My A to fucking B .
You know , the movie ? Do you remember there 's a scene in the car , the kids are scared and they 're looking at the glass and you hear the Tyrannosaur coming ? As it thumps its way towards them , the glass starts to ripple .
That is Darius 's drug history . Look , he 's a kid who experimented once or twice , got burned for life . If you really are interested in his mind , look at what Iraq did to it .
What about imagination ? I magining you 're at home with Loren and the kids . What , let 's pretend ?
Smells like someone had a good night . Okay , what is going on between you two ? Let 's just race our own races ...
That 's not bad , but Great Britain seem to have slipped back to fourth place . They 'll need to make the next change-over count . One change-over to go .
♪ Lyrical narrator ♪ Social commentator Socially commentatin ' ♪ What I say is verbatim
The children ? Killer expended his energy on Loren . He only stabbed each of the kids once .
Come on , we just ... we just scratched each other 's eyes out in front of millions of people . Yeah , and you also just qualified for the finals with the worst relay I 've ever seen . Now imagine what would happen if you actually ran together as a team .
All right , listen , listen . If I go through all this stress , I lose my fucking money over it , everything , then you got to chat to someone proper , yeah ? Nice lady .
Where 's he goin ' then ? Are you fucking stupid or somethin ' ? Fuck you then !
About 20 feds with sniffer dogs pop out of nowhere . I fuckin ' had to dash it somewhere . I hid it in the pram with the baby , innit ?
When you 're done fuckin ' about , yeah ... Nah , when you 're done fuckin ' about , yeah , you call me , yeah ? Cos we 've got fuckin ' things to do , you prick , yeah ?
Who the fuck are you talking to ? First , get your fucking hands of me . Listen !
Luther was a mess . Drug users got 90 years , dealers walked free . Lawyers got rich , defense and prosecution , in one big trade-off .
Yeah . Thought of doin ' any modeling ? - Nah .
Donald Barber . And you know my fucking address . Nice tattoo .
Do n't fucking '' what phone ? '' me . I saw you at fucking Kirby 's . You was there just before me .
Stop swearing and take your hands out of your pockets . I will tell you when we 're done , OK ? - Hey , what 's going on ?
You 're some pussyhole . I 'm a pussyhole cos I 'm not doing crack ? - Yeah .
♪ Now I 'm blazing on this single track ♪ ♪ I 'm gon na stop my watch and take some time back ♪ ♪ Listen out for my crew comin ' back ♪
'Cause this is what happens to troublemakers . Fat bastard enjoys his work too much . Yeah ?
A load of bollocks , pal . You can shove it right up your arse . No chance !
Yeah ? 'Cause this is what happens to troublemakers . Fat bastard enjoys his work too much .
yeah ? eat your fucking dinner then allright i do it , i want a fucking 150 quid though you get your other 50 quid , allright ?
But you know what ? I ai n't fucking having it . - I gave you your dough .
How am i gon na get you to Devon ? train that 's what i was gon na use the 100 pounds for to get the train we 'll sort something out
Lucky cunt oi , hang on , twat ... - do n't be stupid you nutter what you doing ?
Kelly needs to work work as what ? on the street , i need to get some money , just tell me where to go face like that , noone 's gon na pay you trust me , they will let 's have a bit of that spliff nice one .... - how do i get there
now , shut your fucking mouth , allright ? so just fucking make sure she behaves and shut up you allright ? yeah ?
some ice cream or something Mate , ice cream .. please flavour do you want ? chocolate- chocolate
i want on me , in case Stewart Allen comes after me 'll kill her my self , that stupid and their stupid fucking heads get me in this mess Maybe you should just give them to Allen Finish your coffe , I am going back to bed make sure you 'll bring it back
look , i 've , i 've fucked my leg up it 's not my flat care for a cup of tea ? that 'd be fucking lovely
let 's go Chum , come and pick me up They cut my fucking leg off yeah i am outside the jamo ?
Full stop . And that 's where you 'd still fucking be if it was n't for me . At the foot of the bloody Second Division ... where nobody remembered you ... and nobody had heard of you .
You fucking knobheads . Derby was unlucky , I can tell you . You bloody fool .
Are you surprised ? What else was I gon na do ? After what you did .
Pretend you 're happy to be here in Derby . If you lot do n't perform for us , I 'll feed you to these guys , all right ? - Who 's got the prettiest face here ?
He was n't waking up next to Mummy . Some children , you could give ' em to you and they 'd have screamed and carted on , would n't they , you know what I mean ? At one year old ...
They 've always been there for me and I 've always gone on holiday with Ann and Steve , over the years . Erm , yeah , they 've played a very big part in my life . And they always used to say to me ,
So obviously I went mad . I wrapped it up in a tea towel , put it in the bag and I went all the way to Bradford because I were gon na kill her . Cos my little one could have picked that up , do you know what I mean ?
And if she 'd have known Lorraine were there , she 'd have had summat to say . Cos she swore blind she did n't do nothing , you know , to all of us . And then when me mum got to find out , she 'd say , '' I 'd shoot her for what she 's done . ''
( Lorraine ) '' Dear Max , I 'm sorry about the other agreements but to be honest I really forgot about them . '' `` I have to move them out of the way of the kids . '' `` Lisa seems to have a fascination for them and hides them . ''
Where is it ? - I 'm worried it 's gon na come today . I 'm worried I wo n't be able to have it there .
Yeah . Yeah , I suppose I am . - The cars are ready .
Oh , here he is . Here 's the one who ca n't keep his dick in his trousers . Put that heartbeat thingy whatnot on him .
I was smoking cannabis every weekend . I used to get spending money and stuff . I used to be in the park drinking with all the lads .
You were all right , old school . Catch you on the other side . Sorry about the head butt .
Look , I tell you something , if he died it 'd be back to London for me . They 'd make me boss'cause I 'm next in line . No one else has done what I 've done .
But that ai n't gon na cut it no more . You see , there 's a bigger cock in town . A prize cock .
Be back pronto . The thing with whores , and by whores , I mean those who 've got pimps . I know about what I know .
Hey , Jackie . What do you say to a tart with two black eyes ? Nothing . ' Cause you already told her twice .
Those crown-wearing bastards saw everyone coming . Got them all confused into thinking they 're legit . Got them thinking they 're heroes and worth writing books about and everything .
Oi , B and H , can we park here or what ? Piece of shit on wheels like that ? I would n't park it I 'd dump it , pal .
May I see you tonight ? - Uh , um ... l-I do n't think that 's a good idea . I-I 've got costume fittings tomorrow .
When I 'm lonely Well , I know I 'm gon na be I 'm gon na be the man who 's lonely without you
You do not know who these people are . I know I do not back Sonny . I know .
They wanted to kill Bob . They had us all slain , as they could . Call the police .
Well , I know I 'm gon na be I 'm gon na be the man who wakes up next to you When I go out
Run . Everything will be fine , honey . Julie , everything will be fine .
I 'm blessed with the voice of an angel . Aye , they could do with something new in the West End . Besides Edinburgh 's changed .
Chopped into pieces . You disgusting little French fop ! I was just doing what I was told .
'Third generation of tower block dwellers , we are . 'If you 're interested , just type in chav , pikey or Ned , 'and you 'll find us in council estates all over London . 'Favourite food :
If you need a new girlfriend , I 'm not her . I 've got a family and I love ' em . I like you .
She needs some help . ' You mean she 's arseholed and you 're the one she 's got to call me for money ? She only ever calls if she wants money for booze .
I had no choice . We 'd a mole in a terrorist cell and they 'd been planning an attack on Whitehall . A chemical explosion a hundred times worse than May Day .
Some toast ? Let me get this straight . You want me to get Omen , find this yout and murk him ?
Now , you 're gon na keep quiet . And you 're gon na stay in here . Or man is gon na go on different with you , you understand me , blood ?
I do , man . I just made a mistake , innit . It 's Henry .
Royston does too . - Take your hands out your pockets . - What the fuck you want ?
No one 's around , man . Come I just jook him and we dust , man . Just like he was gon na do to you .
Do n't get it twisted . Just cos I 'm with you , do n't think I 'm stupid . I got plans .
That 's why you 're here , innit ? Cos you thought , '' I 'm gon na fuck the white girl . '' `` And she 'll be easy too , like her cousin . ''
Lexi . You bell me , say you want to talk about something important , and now you 're sitting having a chitchat ? I do n't mean to be rude , but one of the last people I wan na have a social with is you .
You 're thinking about it , innit ? Blood , do n't be stupid , man ! When I tell Omen and Blammy they 're gon na laugh in your face .
That 's all I know . Now just fuck off and leave me alone . I do n't wan na get involved in any of this .
Trouble is , once everyone 's fucked you , your bargaining tools is used up . You ai n't got nothing left to offer . Cos if you 'd done something when you had the chance ,
You ca n't say'cause you did n't get shit . You wan na smell my dick ? I still ai n't showered .
Yo , come here and give me a hug . Shit , I 'll give you more than a hug , baby . All right , what 's up with the camera ?
Why we going to my uncle 's ? Because Reggie want a gun . Man , you know that fool crazy .
I 'm sorry . That 's what an ass will do . You said it .
Yo , get off my back , Conrad . Yeah , let me beat the shit out this white boy . This is what I 'm gon na use to dig your eyes out of your skull and feed ' em to your homeboys .
I was over in the shed . Yo , yo , some freaky-deaky shit going on there , man . You know what ?
I do n't know , man . I got into it again last night with Mason . Fucking redneck Mason ?
Now , if you wan na take the pass , you go ahead and take it , you done this shit before , motherfucker . But do n't you dare pretend that that shit is courage . Do n't you dare .
Shit ! Hurry up , look for this shit , man . Find it ?
No , stop ! - No , I 'm in the fucking zone ! - Stop !
Guillermo already got beef with you over that beat down you gave his boy at intake . Yo , Guillermo , why you such a bitch ? GUILLERMO :
Get my brother . Who the fuck he think he is ? I 'm a grown-ass man .
I hate motherfuckers like you . Got no respect for your elders . You just make choices without having to pay the consequences .
Get up , man . Somebody raped your girl , man . What ?
I 'm going batshit . I do n't wan na be friends , guppy . I 've been down more than three years , I ai n't no fish .
A drink in the middle of the day ? Well , if I have to sit here with you , you better be glad it 's not a mountain of cocaine . You enjoy this , do n't you ?
Hey , you guys made me drop the fucking blunt . Look , I do n't know what 's going on between y'all , but I wan na get high , so I 'm leaving . No , do n't go .
Any time he wants ... your PO can come to this house and search through your shit . You think he wo n't haul your ass right back into lockup ? So tell me , what is this ?
Yeah , that motherfucker . Nigga was ... you sure he even knew your sister , man ? Man , that 's what she said , all right ?
You 're not . You 're letting yourself become a statistic . Yeah ?
Go away , Chris ! God , you 're such a disgusting pig ! Shit , I was just trying to help .
♪ ♪ Hard times ai n't hard to find ♪ ♪ Cause we
Well , you know what ? I 'll just be one second . - Lady , I got a conference call I got ta get to ...
If you can just wait ... Yeah , that 's what I 'm talking about . Oh , shit , what do we have here ?
Lola Amery . Are you in a safe place right now ? Where are you ?
But amongst the sea of tribulation ... ♪ ♪ Well , I 'm waiting on a day when the people walk free ♪ ♪ To see and the penitentiary is on fire ♪
Yeah , I see a single gun , I kill every one of you motherfuckers . Man , get the guns !
Why does nobody test that guy ? 'Cause that guy made it known he did n't wan na be tested . Motherfucker 's got status in the yard .
Come on now , Arvin . We got a lot of work to do . Damn , Daddy .
You know , I knew from the first moment I saw you , too . You 're nothing more than a cheap whore ! Later , Faith .
For God 's sakes , Jimmy , just call the police already ! Where the fuck are you going ? Get your ass back in that seat .
You think we could ease up on whose night is whose ? I wan na see you guys . I love you .
For today . It 's exactly what I needed . Hello ?
Like a brothel . Men coming in and out . - Shut up .
Just muck some stalls and that sort of stuff . I mean , why should I waste my whole dang summer stuck in this stupid-ass farm , when I could be out having some fun ? And enjoying that misguided youth ?
Who was it on our side ? Now do n't fucking lie to me ! The same man who picked up Natalia 's mayday demand .
Dr. Wallace Damon . I 'm heading up the transition team that 's going to help you , help all of us understand exactly what you 've been through . What are you talking about ?
That 's why he 's going after Mira . The girl was n't a peasant or a mute . Both her parents were university professors .
Yeah , but it 's over . She said the affairs have been miserable for her . She 's dating now , but nothing serious .
I 'm not going to answer that . Has anything been going on at home that might 've provoked this behavior ? Well , Bernard left him behind for three days last week .
We made love in the stockroom . Mom , I do n't wan na hear about your affairs , please . I 'm sorry .
Try to get the blond . She looks like a young Monica Vitti . Oh , excuse me .
Now , for your safety and ours , I 'm going to need you to hook yourself up to that IV . Right over there .
I do n't think we 're gon na find him and we 're running out of time . He could be halfway out at sea by now You have something ...
You Caltech turncoats . Dude , can you stop saying that ? Signal sucks out here .
Darcy ! I 'm sorry , he 's an idiot . Excuse .
I heard them say we 're not allowed above ground because we were contaminated . What the hell was Nomad ? What have they told you ?
Fuck volume . - When it 's your turn , rain stick . - No , I sit and read .
`` Quack . '' I wan na see Haley and I 'm not gon na say another word until you let me see her . Okay , Nic .
I just need to clear a couple of years , until I 'm 18 Until then , you 're an old guy in the 20s . You 're a hot artist in New York surrounded by groupies and rævslikkere .
Okay , kid , we 've got a big day ahead of us . Sailing , new duds , new adventures , and you 're gon na go gambling , using my infallible system for roulette . We 've got a night club reservation at 8 : 00 , so be prompt .
Pardon ? What are you trying to pull ? - I 'm not .
She rode with the kids in the ambulance . But the cop who was trying to get the story said that she was pretty incoherent , just that a man forced his way into the house with a gun and was searching for something . You know who the man was ?
! - Beth , go left your jumper . - What was your name ?
He 's American . Would n't know me from a hole in the wall . And understandably so .
How are you feeling ? Did you roofie me last night ? [ laughs ] No , I did n't .
You okay ? No , no , no , he do n't talk yet . Fall , fall , fall .
So , are you guys around tonight ? Because you should totally come to Thirsty Thursdays . - End-of-school tradition .
There we go . Ma , it might do you some good to get out for a little while . What if she wakes up for two minutes and I 'm not here ?
Maybe because it made me feel safer to know Caroline was far away from me , as if I alone were not responsible for the wreckage to my marriage . Maybe to see her in her new life would bring me some kind of closure .
I thought I 'd recognized him the CNN report of his last mega-buyout , merger , whatever , but I was n't sure . The bellhop confirmed he was the billionaire media mogul Hobbs , and , $ 1,000 bucks later , he gave me his room number . And you taped the whole thing .
Ouiser ! You look like hammered doodoo . Do n't talk to me like that .
( HORN HONKING ) I'ma strangle the both of y'all . ( CHEERING )
( insects chittering ) Vicki 's making eyes at you , man . Go talk to her .
She said she did n't need my help . Does she seem kind of touchy to you ? 'T is the season .
$ 51 ? What the hell did you order ? Heather ?
I know I 'm disappointing you . I know you deserve better , but get in the fucking car ! Every morning , I wake up and I fail .
This is one of those times . I can feel it in my bones . I 'd put my money on those bones .
The sooner this body wears out , the better off I'II be . I ca n't get enough grease into my diet . Then why grow them ?
Shit , man , I am out of here . Do n't feel bad , little dude . All guys come pretty quick the first time .
Or I know what she 's thinking , or ... I do n't know , it 's that two-way thing . I fucking love it .
What the fuck 's the matter with you ? I said look at this play , I said it right to you ! I ask you to do the easiest fucking thing , and you ca n't do it !
And you not only screwed up her life , And my life , but you screwed up her kids lives , too , man . The kids she ai n't never gon na have ,
I do n't know which ones to get . Baby , what do you think ? That depends .
All right , how does that grab you ? But you 're going to sleep with me , are n't you ? Let 's give you a cover .
It 's a little ... yeah . It 's a little dinky , but it 's got the tarp underneath . Yeah , it 's , like , waterproof .
Do what ? - Get the fuck out of here . - You wan na go somewhere ?
No , it 's fine . What , are you fucking kidding me ? !
Having a family is the greatest joy - in a man 's life , everybody knows that ! - Then maybe I 'm not a man .
♪ And that ♪ Was the end of that ♪ Oh , lately
I have not eaten anything all day . It 's all hot mustard , Kate . That 's all I need .
They were both dressed the same , some kind of uniform . They pulled out after mrs kristo . Cut off the cabbie .
And I lost so badly . And she 's a total lightweight . Here , drink this .
I respect Gene . I respect Gene , and I respect your jean choice . Because they 're the same as mine .
Yeah . The banks will be looking to crown their vault reserves which means we 'll be transporting something in the neighborhood of 42 million . Damn .
Big reaction . What do you taste , sir ? Can you taste the hops ?
It was sitting on one of the bags trying to get at whatever was in there . I just fish them both out after they 've done with the mowing and threw it away . You did n't open them ?
♪ Oh , lately ♪ I 've been such a drag ♪ All down in the dumps , man ♪
Excuse me ? We 've got your wife , fucker . Carrie ?
Excuse me , what are you doing ? And keep the set medic on cue just in case . Can I have the , um ... ?
As you and Jenny got older , you tried to make that super-tough transition from being best friends to maybe being boyfriend/ girlfriend . - This dance is so lame . - Totally .
Yeah , what do you wan na do , Mike ? We get the kid out of the truck . How ?
Because that would have cost me the satisfaction of being able to arrest you myself . I know the two of you are use to being driving buddies . And for your information , Swiss bank accounts are not as secret as they use to be .
There 's something off about them . Run those plates for me . Mine , Sheriff .
Thank you for coming on such short notice at such early hour . This is a top secret operation . In 45 seconds , we 'll move a prisoner to Federal Death Row .
Listen ... Are you going to be ready on time ? Yes , not gon na be a problem .
No , sweetie , sweetie , he 's being funny , I think . Better hold your next words real close , Pace . Believe me , all right ?
I got ta tell you ... When Jerry and I were being shot at ... I was scared shitless .
I 've seen this shit on TV . There 's little spy cameras everywhere . I know this .
# Oh , well # # Say you want it all # # but the hole wo n't fill unless you fill it with her # # Oh , well #
You 're short a boot , rookie ! Beats a leg , do n't it ? Okay , we 're getting a reading of winds over 140 knots sustained .
So what brings you to this city ? Well , what brings anyone to this city ? I wanted to be a somebody .
Instead I got schnockered with Bugsy . - What does Bugsy stand for anyway ? - Michael .
No , stop . Oh , sweet pea , Mommy misses you so much . I just do n't know how much longer I can do this .
Join me , do n't join me . There 's time for one last shot . The Andrea Gail will take it .
Jonesy ! Skip , we 're gon na make it . She 's not gon na let us out .
After you went down , the feds were watching me like a hawk . I could n't go down like that . Had a family to take care of .
I got something for you . I know you 're gon na like it . It 's a special edition .
And , you would n't have to pay full price ... because , in a year or so ... I 'd be just this sob story you could use to bag more chicks . That is a pathetic characterization .
Little things . She 'd eat her ice cream with a fork . - Really ?
It was an accident . You got the easiest job on the boat , and you manage to screw it up ! Kiss my ass , you little runt .
And to overcome that , you just live with what you have . Offering to hold the kid for just a minute , and he ends up in that tree over there . One of my girlfriends asked me once if she could get me anything .
Knock it off . You 'd kill to be in his place . - Okay bitch , I 'm ready .
What 's that on the back , a gun rack ? Yeah , well , there 's no way that freak is stepping foot in my dad 's country club . So call Tucker .
Dr. Goldstein , okay , what we 're doing ... No , what you 're doing is creating classes of superbugs . And that might be good for business , because you will develop stronger antibiotics and ruin people 's immune systems altogether .
He sits on the House Judiciary Committee on Net neutrality . No restriction on content , all traffic treated equally . - Would n't our guy be for that ?
Yeah , go ahead . Look , I 'm gon na get out of here . I 'm sorry .
Hey , Jen . Did they get off okay ? Yeah .
Yeah , and then you left ... and then I did n't have a brother any more . And now you wan na give me advice ... and I do n't even know you . And , you know , I got my own family now .
He could barely look at me . I think I 'm just gon na , like , write him a really long letter just apologizing profusely and , you know , maybe send him an Edible Arrangement . Stop , stop .
Attention , students . The halls of our prestigious institution have been compromised by the stench of cyber bullying . It is the stench of ones and zeroes , and electronic hardware probably manufactured somewhere in China .
`` Detective Castlebeck , Glass shards from the warehouse ... from a black light bulb available at any local hardware store . '' All right , what the hell is a black light bulb ... doin ' in a warehouse in Long Beach ? Come with me .
Uh , yeah , I 'm looking for Henry Santoro . - He went down to Florida with that asshole Frankie Fish . You see him , you tell him I want my money .
Nathan Jones ? All right , adopted when he was two months old . The adopted parents returned the kid to child services when he was three years old .
How about this one ? You have to sleep with that guy or me ? - Choose .
You 're using me to try to get closer to Jess and Casey , because you think that I 'm approachable , are n't you ? Okay , look , when you said that we should hang out Friday , I thought you were hinting that they were gon na be here .
You ever heard the phrase , '' The pen is mightier than the sword '' ? Yeah , and in this case , a bunch of kids anonymously typing whatever comments they want feels like an atomic bomb , and that 's definitely mightier than a sword . So make your writing have a positive effect .
What about you ? Just chillir before the match . - Yeah ?
I 'm bored as shit ! # And da rockets red glare # # Da bombs fuckir burstir in air #
Do you need to unwind a little ? You want to make out ? No !
I 'm kind of in the middle of something right now . Okay , fun or whatever the hell you 're doing : it 's your choice .
Shit 's gettir hot ! We all countir on you , dog . Why you clownir me , KCDC ?
A real leader would n't be practicing at midnight , Whit : You can drill a loser all night long , and in the morning , you still got a loser : - Put makeup on a pig --
I already got enough scars , OK , JTRO ? Stacy , you do n't need L Dubba E to get booze . I can help you .
Oh , hey : I 'm not into you like that : I --
Then during prohibition , motherfuckers used to run their moonshine all through this bitch . And now it 's 248 HQ , straight the fuck up ! Hold up .
I got ta intro this next tune : That , my friends , was the bitchin ' sound This next track is dedicated to all the guys out there whose and devoured for breakfast by cute , peppy , social-climbing
I did n't know you were here : Saw every last peppy pigtail that passed through this place : Pretty ugly , huh ?
We gots to be ready for anything . That 's why we gots to get each other 's backs , to the end , a'ight ? Man ...
The shake and bake ! We can do it all right here at State ! Strap yourself in so your mind wo n't blow !
.. Put up your dukes Let 's get down to it .. .. Hit me with your best shot .. .. Why do n't you hit me with your best shot ..
A bitch ? Back your stank ass shit up off my flavor ! Whooty-whoo !
Look , I got ta jet . But , uh , bust some grills out there , all right , JTRO ? Yeah , thanks .
You know what ? If there 's one thing it 's sucking : - I 'm in !
Claire , sweetie , two eyebrows Think I gave you the memo : Oh , my God : !
We know exactly what happens and the process takes hours , not minutes . Listen , mate , I 'll be out of this for good ! A taste of your own medicine .
Thy two breasts are like forns feeding among the lilies . Thy navel is like a round goblet ... wherein no mingled wine is wanting . Thy belly is like a heap of wheat , set about with lilies .
I 'm not lying ! I wan na step up as badly as you do ! Like I said , trust is a devalued currency in here .
* Who 's that gut lord marching ' ? * You should cut down on your pork life , mate , get some exercise It started when we ...
Oh , this is just ... He 's a persistent little fellow , is n't he ? - It 's not what I call him .
With his fuckin ' missus . In a Union Jack bed , that 's the one . Topless .
I 'm betting it 's the former . We 've got ta help each other . We 're in competition .
Do n't even try talking to him . - I 'm not gon na talk to him . Is there anything in there , or is he happy to see you ?
I think everything ... It got to a certain point after Morning Glory come out , ..... and Wonderwall took off , ..... it felt like everything was leading up to something that would define , ..... er , not only the size of the band , ... .. but what British pop music was about at that time .
Do you know the football score for tonight ? - Eddie , mate , fucking hurry up . - Five more seconds .
I know what you 're doing . This is fucking Paris all over again . - I could genuinely only get one ticket .
Jane Austen wrote great lit , as we will now set about discovering . Sir , it 's '' mummy porn '' now . Mummy what ?
We 'll sort that out now . Yeah , well , you fucking better had . Well , you 're gon na go with my colleague and he 's gon na take you to a safe house .
Those fucking gendarmes , mate . They can fucking move , ca n't they ? - Fuck .
She 's happy . The least you could do is give us a chance . [ Slaps ]
At the weekends , if we were n't kicking the shit out of the opposition , we ' d hire Ferraris on credit against next week 's wages . I never thought a grand a night could be spent so quickly . It was one long fucking party .
What does it say ? I mean ... she 's like having a pair of saggy tits . What the hell is wrong with you ?
More responsibility . - Be just like old times , mate . - You 'll answer directly to Eddie here .
Do you understand what I 'm saying to you ? Listen , I know what I 'd fucking do . No comment .
And where 's room service gon na get delivered to ? Oh , yeah , to your room . They 're not hungry .
I want to increase the membership . I wan na get the organic farming going . Maybe even host a lecture series .
Oh . What the bloody hell is that ? Action .
What ? I said do you wan na move to another country with me ? No .
Oh , Mike . Look at the fucking state of you , mate . Do n't tell me .
To get robbed twice is fucking careless . So from now on , you will be totally responsible for every penny you lose . Got it ?
Well , you 're gon na go with my colleague and he 's gon na take you to a safe house . You 're gon na wait there until we sort a few things out . Then you 're gon na get relocated .
♪ and keep on lovin ♪ and keep on lovin ' ... Put it there .
Who 're you fucking with ? You 're gon na die you cunts ! Hold him ...
How else can I explain it ? There was nothing wonky about my upbringing , my parents were decent ... respectable and upstanding members of society . I went to school .
What you gon na do , when they put this shit all down ? Where you gon na go then ? A year ago I arranged ...
Right , take these pills . Stick ' em up your fucking arse ! Who 're you fucking with ?
It 's a Saturday , right now all over this town hundreds of bands just like us are having name conversations . Thousands of punks , Goths , psychobillies , indie kids , rockers , and just general knobheads are just sitting there arguing about what to call themselves . I think you just hate people .
You just pissed on a gypsy in the middle of fucking nowhere . It 's hardly the hottest ticket in town , darling . Where 's the next one ?
You do n't want to be trapped inside with me , sunshine . Inside I 'm someone nobody wants to fuck with . Do you understand ?
CUNT ! Fucking loonies they 're great mate , but ... Well ...
'bout , about you . Yeah , but you 've got no ambition . You know what I mean ?
Now , fuck off . You 're a fucking dead man , Miller ! So , you 're the real life .
50 quid , all in , you can do what you fucking want to her . She wo n't remember a thing . What 's the matter ?
Keyssss ... Now remember it 's no good being clever , you 've got to be the cleverest , yeah ? - Alright .
I 'll let you know when there 's some further developments . You look like a couple of Feds , innit ? See this thing here , blood ?
School my people in some urban combat , teach them how to shoot properly . I do n't think you wan na turn your home into a war zone , do you ? Look around you .
Yeah , obviously . I do n't wan na sit on me arse all day , you know . - And even If I do , you 're sat next to me .
It 's lasagne , your favourite . Where was the highwaymanan , Dick Turpin , hanged in seventeen thirty nine ? - York .
One fucking week . Or I 'm going to burn that shit hole of his down , with him still in it . Fuck off .
It 's York ! You 'd be a lot less frustrated if you went on yourself . Damian , tell him to go on .
Yes , I do . Um , yes , no , I 'm right . 47 .
* And you say you 're fine * I can know you 're never gon na get out * And it 's better not to lie
He 's been around forever . I knew him when he was on the dole . Sorry .
The Chinese . Guys , check out the board . Is she messing around with the Goldbach Conjecture ?
Would forgive anyone for anything . Used to drive me fucking nuts . So full of forgiveness and love ...
An element in Whitehall feels that Obama 's inclusive doctrine has spread across the Atlantic and has made us complacent . They 're pushing for sweeping changes . If they discover that the Semtex was being monitored by us and that we could have stopped it ...
* Pressed for time * I 'll bet he 's coming out tonight * He 's all right
No , it 's OK . Listen , sweetheart , I came to say ... My name is Hannah .
There 's no fucking way ! I help my buddy , yeah ? And the lady ?
I prayed for you last night . Yeah , well , it did n't fucking work . I think it did .
I gave you a chance , Hannah . I gave you a fucking chance ! I gave you a chance and you fucked it up !
What do you want me to say to that ? Joseph , what you doing , man ? Knocking down the shed .
Done some bad things . - We 've all done bad things , mate . Aye .
Touché , Doc . No , I do n't have any goddamn evidence . But then why does somebody put a snake in your car , huh ?
Well , we 're here now . Us mums do n't get to do this often . Come on .
Everyone is so ... So let 's just not talk about it , yeah ? Sit down .
Have you signed up on that Thrupp shooting yet ? Then I 'd suggest you see to your duties before you start galavanting . Bloody crosswords !
You two follow me . Suppose you 're feeling very pleased with yourselves , dreaming of cracking a great big juicy murder case , eh ? Get your name in the papers .
But it 's not an attention-seeking scratch on the wrists . It 's a great gouging at his throat . With my pen .
Exactly what , bruv ? Some woman 's just abandoned her yoot on a train ! And she obviously do n't want it , man .
Listen , do n't tell me what to do , okay ? So , what , you 're gon na let me stay here ? No .
♪ Oi , look , there 's a chav That means council housed and violent ♪ He 's got a hoodie on Give him a hug ♪ On second thoughts do n't You do n't wan na get mugged
Bring out a fuckin ' silver phone ! - What the fuck is goin ' on ? - I 'm gettin ' your phone back .
What the fuckin ' hell are you up to ? - What you talkin ' about , you mug ? - Who are you calling a mug ?
Borgos is running for reelection . And there ai n't nothing that helps a reelection campaign in the state of Texas like an execution . He 'll go for the death penalty ?
♪ Do n't come round here no more You could get robbed for ♪ Real , yeah , because my manors ill ♪ My manors ill
♪ Mixing vodka with heart pills And smoking a straight ♪ With the door unlocked Ai n't the smartest idea ♪ When your runnings are illegal And your cargo live in fear
You 're an idiot . Have I got any clean clothes here , sis ? Did Robbo do that ?
♪ She 's on the top of the class Of geftin ' fucked in her arse ♪ Now she bleeding ' out her bum ... Oh , fucking hell , bruv .
That was a love tap , blood . Next time , I 'm gon na tap you for good . If you ca n't pay it off , you 're gon na work it off .
I 'm a , uh ... friend of Don 's . Don ai n't got no friends . Now , where is he ?
Who are you ? I 'm the cunt who nicked your motor last night . Yeah .
Fuck off How old are you really ? 12 this year
You come near me again ... I 'll bite your fucking heart out . Come on , liven up .
Tell Chum to come back up , when you pass the car Scuse me mate , have you got 20p ? Thanks
Allright , out ! Rest of you , fuck off ! Fucking get out of here !
do you know who he is ? - Yeah , of course i do Chum
You just told me you got money , you fucking liar who are you calling a fucking liar ? You 're a runaway , are you ? - Yeah
come on , do you beleive me ? yeah right good , so get in there and fuck'em for me they 've come down a long way they 're good friends of mine
open the door , it 's Derek 6 in the fucking morning - I know what time it is , ... the fucking door ! - Allright , allright , hold on , coming down he said that he 's coming down
In this day and age ? What the fuck 's he gon na do next ? Find out who set me up .
you 've got ta call it something all right , i 'll call it 4 quid 80 i told you , i 'd get it yeah you did mine 's called Sarah that 's my Mum 's name Hello Kelly , my name 's Sarah you 're not gon na name my sister ? allright , i 'll call her Wendy who 's that ?
Any one of you deserved a bullet -- not him . So , tonight , anyone makes a funny fucking phone call , odd fucking remark , looks the wrong fucking way , you let this cunt know , all right ? Your new fucking boss !
No , it ai n't . Then who the fucking fuck is this ? I 'm a , uh ... friend of Don 's .
Fuck off ! Kelly where the fuck are you going ? you 're watching this
where is he wants to go to ? he said to follow- i know , i fucking know , ai n't i ? do the fucking window up
What would you do without me ? Hey , you would n't have found him if it were n't for me . Good job we 're both wearing ties .
Come on . And this door has got ta be fit for Donald Revie to walk through . Well , chop- chop .
Pete : ANDY , FOR CHRIST 'S SAKE , LET US IN . WHAT IF IT 'S HER ?
They 're all jumping ship up there . Go on , sign him then . What ?
Well , the council did n't cut it as much . So it used to be right tall and all kids could hide in it . I mean , I can even remember myself when my mum used to shout us .
Lorraine came to see Kathy after a few days , but she looked like she were n't bothered . Kathy said , '' Why ai n't she crying ? '' Cos if it had been her with her kids and , like , I said , if it were Nicole , if my child died ,
Here 's the one who ca n't keep his dick in his trousers . Put that heartbeat thingy whatnot on him . I want him to hear what he 's done .
We used to say , '' I do n't know how you do it . A young lass like you . '' Especially with her having kids an ' all .
Now , remember what he said . Yeah , I know what he said , Jenna . It 's just I 'm so tired I 'm knackered .
Piece of shit on wheels like that ? I would n't park it I 'd dump it , pal . Do yourself a favour , yeah ?
You think ? Yeah , no , I did fine . Good .
Not Leroy . No , it 's the muppet sitting , driving this car that cops it . I ai n't no muppet , man .
She wanted me to kill you straightaway , but I told her , '' Hold on , girl . This muppet could do us a favour . '' I 've been wanting this fuck dead for years , I ca n't tell you .
How does that work , if you do n't mind me asking ? Is one of you the bitch , one the daddy ? Or do you take it in turns and stuff ?
That 's not such a , a good idea , Willy . 'Cause you 'd be putting a noose around your own neck . It 's no more than I deserve .
Blood hath been shed here now , in the olden time . Ere humane statute purged the gentle weal ... Ay , and since , too , murders have been committed .
Well , I know I 'm gon na be I 'm gon na be the man who goes along with you And when I come home When I come home
But first I look to if your daughter dies . And I fuck your wife . I want my friends back , right now .
And we smile because we understand one another . You could just grunt or something , just so I do n't feel like a complete prat . Sorry , Terrence , I did n't quite catch any of that .
Eh , it 's nae worth the bother anymore . Wee Tam McLintoch and his militia , they 've declared a war on grave robbery . They 're patrolling the graveyards every night .
What ? We believed there might be one suicide bomber . Our worst casualty estimate was below 50 .
Oh ... You have been in the wars , have n't you ? Oh , you lost your paw .
Mr Rabbit does n't like going in the dizzy machine . Yeah , but we have to keep him nice and clean , do n't we ? He said he does n't mind being dirty .
He hurt Henry . Give me the fucking blade . I 'll do it .
You 're a pussy . Let me show you what a little pussy you are , blood , yeah ? Show me your titties .
What are you doing , you fuckers ? - Let go of me , blood ! You fuckers !
So ? He 's telling me mans is gon na hurt my family because of what happened to Trife . Do n't mention his name .
You know what ? I 'll throw in a piece of yay each . You 'll have to wait , though .
This ai n't fucking over , blood ! Where the fuck you going , blood ? You ai n't got nowhere to go .
Come we fuck him up , man . See , I knew you 'd be on it , blood . We 're gon na finish this tonight .
You 're simple , cuz , man . I 'm gon na get me a couple of girls , get fucked all day , man . Sweet boy like you must have a ting you used to bang , man .
I 'm vexed . I thought I see him on the train , innit ? I swear I 'm going mad , blood .
Yeah . My boyfriend went to a different school , so I did n't chat with boys . Girls did n't like me , so ...
Yeah ? Go and get in the car , babe . You 've had a squeeze .
I hate that bitch . - I thought you two were tight . - Were .
Do n't lie , Chris , man . The only pussy this fool gets - is with his right hand , man .
Let me hold it . Let me hold it , dawg . Everybody all right ?
Hey , man , y'all already up here . Run the game with me . I do n't know .
MANNY : When you talk about it , it sounds boring . Anyone in the game on the East side knows he 's got that product .
Come on , I 'm serious . Man , you must be crazy as hell if you think I 'm going to see that redneck , man . It 's my sister , yo .
Uh-huh . We get 100 little shits like you , transferred from youth corrections every year . Now , you got two problems .
You ai n't got ta apologize . - And we all sisters , right ? - Right .
Good . 'Cause we do this , you 'll be my bitch . Take it or leave it , non-negotiable .
You know , you really should n't be sitting here on these side streets . My secretary got mugged going to her car one night . Pretty ...
He 's been my best friend ever since . And he 's got my back for reals , you know ? - Chris .
INMATE : Yo , wreck that motherfucker , JB . Do something !
No . No , I 'm saying that you eat the same thing every day , you go to work the same time every day , when we make love , you do it the same way every time . I 'm saying you 're predictable .
What 's up , yo ? Hey , man , y'all already up here . Run the game with me .
You know I do n't have a cell phone . It 's hard as hell trying to find a payphone and you 're not answering the phone . Inventory .
Shut the door . I got ta get some sleep . - My nigga .
Arvin 's weird sometimes . Mom said he has issues . Where is your mom ?
I do n't wan na be friends , guppy . I 've been down more than three years , I ai n't no fish . JB ...
What about you ? Your folks sad you left the nest ? Hardly .
You 're no better than me , Faith . We 've both been fucked over . The only difference is I fought back .
Yeah ? I have the crew from Hanley 's . They have something .
Made a disparaging remark about the Knicks at a party . Said they played like thugs . I found it offensive .
I got a few minutes . Frank , you and Carl hang out . Give me your racquet .
You know what the cops will think ? They 're gon na think a sick perv committed suicide . Before he did , he ran into the house , and you shotgunned your two boys as they slept in their beds .
I 'm gon na have to say there 's nobody here , Nic . Dude , Nomad is not here . - Let 's take a look .
Out the back ! I want eyes on them ! Come on !
It is an ID number , but it 's just not for you . It 's an ID for this whole area , Nic . Two , plus three , plus five , plus 41 .
I 'm gon na read you a draft of my new story . I wan na hear your thoughts first . Then I 'm gon na show it to your dad .
You had an affair for four years with that fucking shrink that ruined our marriage . I can get the kids . Eddie Goodman works on these cases .
Who are you anyway ? I mean , sure , you 're mildly attractive and mysterious , but it gets kind of tired after a while , you know ? I mean , I do n't even know your name .
I tried not to swallow . I should n't have broken up with Sophie . - Why did you ?
Liked The Wild Child when we saw it . Lots of people liked that movie . No , I 'm a philistine .
Haley , you do n't have to come along . No , I wan na meet this asshole . Me , too .
It 's a traffic camera . This guy is so gnarly . How does he have a picture of my car ?
I have no family , and ten o'clock in the morning- - I will bring mathematical proof I can walk on water . If I fuck it , I can wave goodbye to the trust fund and goodbye to the university .
It was not exactly in the cards that I should have an education , as it certainly makes for some . I decided not to grow up in a pale . Just grab a beer .
It 's in East Grinstead . Do n't fool with me , missy . Now where is it ?
Me , too . I 'm in a locked room , dude . Where are we ?
That 's not true . He can go to hell . I do not stop , you bastard .
I should have psychology . If we shirk and take a caffeine drop ? One can then not shirk first week .
This is impersonating a guest . This is your life and possible death . Now stop whining and look for that box , okay ?
BOY : Yo , bros , what did you guys do with this chicken ? Melts in your goddamn mouth , right ?
You must come and have a word with Mr. Hobbs . He 's quite eager to meet you . Excuse me .
You should have put on the bellhop uniform while you had the chance . Do n't you think someone should keep an eye on Mr. Witherspoon ? Look , I can see you got this whole situation under control .
My lungs fill up with fluid every time the seasons change . That 's not being gay , Biaggio . What ?
This is bullshit , Dad . You 're pricing me out of the goddamn game . Your roll , JoJo .
As the old reporter told me on my first day , `` It 's all one story , kid . It 's all one big story . ''
JOE : Biaggio , your corn pudding is to die for . I have to know the recipe .
Let me see you just . Wobble , baby , wobble , baby wobble , baby , wobble , yeah . Wobble , baby , wobble , baby wobble , baby , wobble , yeah .
Just ... I ca n't quite pinpoint the exact moment when everything went south . ( both laughing )
My God . Yeah , and maybe you should get some forks in the house so your dad does n't have to unhinge his stupid jaw to ... We 're done here , and for the record , your wontons are way too big .
Only so it wo n't . I could kill Jackson right now . It 's my experience that Eatenton women got veto power .
Shh ! Mama , he gon na hear you . Nobody hears me .
Come on , buddy . It 's like a duck whistle , just ... Make a wish , baby , come on .
Oh , but Sherry , She can stay in crisis 24/ 7 . Good night , sweetie .
Yeah , but the fuckin ' bitch got blood all over the fuckin ' sheets . We should wash that shit off . Pick your ass up off the bed so we can strip it , man .
Hoo , on second thought , I think I 'm just going to have a drink . You know , matter of fact ,
Since last Sunday , I had sexual relations out of wedlock two times . I also watched pornographic videos and masturbated 17 times . For these and all the sins of my life , I am sorry .
Do you tell good stories ? - I got stories up the wazoo . - Really ?
Fuck me ? Did you just say fuck me to ? - Jon !
But I 'm sorry . It 's not as good as porn . Tits ?
Do n't fuckin ' do that . Do n't you fuckin ' do that . Do n't you fuckin ' cry .
Yeah . - No , I do n't buy it . - I 'm telling you .
# Like it or not - More than just a piece of meat . # Baby
A query ? Have you been thinking at all about the old marriage convo , the worst convo ... Yeah .
You 're fucking retarded ! You 're a retarded person and you 're driving a fucking car ! In the name of the Father , the Son and the Holy Spirit .
Wait . Give me one fucking second . Ahh ...
I do n't know . Ty , keep your eyes open . - I do n't know .
♪ Just to give it a second chance ♪ ♪ But it tore out my soul ♪ Passed out , crashed out on a mat ♪
And now look at you . Here you are in the same old shit . Guys like your old man used to bust their hump working in places like this .
They 're mostly bums , but if one of them gets hurt , the owner 's still liable . - Everybody wants a piece of the pie . - Yeah .
Tell them you hired me ... - Are you fucking kidding me ? !
Goddamn it ! You broke my tooth , you damn moron . Next time I 'll break your head .
[ Speaks spanish ] - You have any cold drinks ? - You know where it is .
No , that 's part of it . All right , let 's have one humongous sandwich , and we 'll cut it in half . We wo n't use mayo .
I 'll deal with Baines , I promise . - Your promises do n't mean shit . - Look , I admit Baines screwed up .
`` B a appliance . '' Remains of queen 's woman found in vacant lot . Tj , I 'd like a word with you .
You do n't like computers and you do n't like cellphones . Fucking amish got more flavour than you do , Matthew . I watched you follow some dude .
Now cock it . Now , put it to your temple and pull the fucking trigger . - What ?
I actually had to ask somebody . I was like , '' Is ' take a knee ' a good thing ? '' No .
Of course they 'll be all over us in the beginning . But we got a rock-solid alibi , and all we got ta do is stick with it . - The trucks , Mike .
I need to know , you got my back . You 're gon na come fall in through the door behind me . Do n't worry your pretty little spick head off .
He is also ruining Operation Sex For Every Bridesmaid . - I almost hooked up with Connor . - What ?
We stash the money and we tell them we got jacked . You 're planning to yank $ 42 million ? No .
Just ... I hear what you 're saying , and I think right now you actually believe it . - Yeah .
The guards just gave up the money ? It was either that or sacrifice one of their brothers . The funny thing about it is they still never caught up with those hijackers .
Let 's be friends . '' So , what would be a smart play ? Have some fun with it .
Obliged ! Put the hurt on em ' , Ray ! Okay .
Seriously ! Jenny , I 've got ghosts in my bedroom ! WOMAN :
Maybe once upon a time . Your time is over abuelito . My time is just starting .
How quickly can Cortez make the border ? At the speed he 's going , 65-75 minutes . That little patch of border he 's headed towards is mostly deep canyon .
Perhaps you 've heard of it , slick ? Lost more men than Nam . We did n't get a wall .
Look , you are my assistant and I need assistance . Blue Label and give it wings , brother . Call me .
I need to make a move . Go some place where there 's some action , where I can make a difference . Like when you worked Narcotics in LA ,
Yes , I did . If you 're having second thoughts , here 's the key to my Jag . You give me the word , I 'll block .
That 's why . Could you show me how to run these plates ? Idiot !
Let 's do this . Convoy is holding at position Alpha . Awaiting clearance to proceed .
I need you . I need you right now . Excuse me .
What country do Dutch people come from ? He 's an asshole , he almost broke my hand . He says his arm hurts from where you grabbed him .
Hi , honey , it 's Mommy . How you doing , sweet pea ? How you doing ?
Come about ! Let it carry you out ! What the hell are you doing ?
You 're a natural . You 've got some old salt in your blood . Thanks .
And I say , '' Hey , Bobby , where you been ? '' But he wo n't tell me . He just smiles and says :
Do you ever wonder if there is that special person waiting out there just for you ? You , sir , are a lucky dog . You hear me ?
Just hold on . When I say now , you go full throttle . Got it ?
We got gale-force coming out of Bermuda , stuff out of Sable Island . As for me , I 'm staring here at solid white chop . This could be a triple-header .
It gets rough up here , Dougie likes the sun down there . Or he thinks he 'll score better with another captain . I did n't say that .
You want to go home ? You lonely for that young mama who was all over you ? My girl is none of your business .
Forget about it . Do you know that this kid made from scratch all these crazy hats ? - They 're great .
But she could n't spell . She was a McGovern Democrat but incredibly snobbish . She hummed all the time .
Oh , man ! There 's stuff ... in the kitchen . You want to give the candy to the trick-or-treaters ... when they come ?
In his body and his mind He 's a well respected man about town Doing the best things so conservatively
I read it . Pfizer 's making a fuck drug . Where 'd you read that ?
You 're still looking amazing . While you look like a bible salesman . You 're healed .
Am I an asshole ? Do I look like an asshole ? Yeah .
Bring Sa// y up and bring Sa// y down Let 's done start Got ta ti// the ground Bring Sa// y up and bring Sa// y down
He 's a fucking jackass . All he cares about is getting the kitten 's collar ... Which I suppose is a lot of money if you 're flipping burgers .
ER nurse , lives alone . No priors , no history of online purchases . It 's not her .
Man , that 's disgusting . Man , what kind of pervert gets their jollies off playing with dog shit ? Look , man , I got ' em !
When did the world go so fucking insane ? You 've been working the streets too long . He was definitely here .
I 'm retired . Now , where the hell is my brother ? I made this as well .
Hey . You made a mistake picking a kid to do your dirty work . Made an even bigger mistake picking my kid brother .
What ? You 've got to be kidding me . Wesley ?
He warped all four rotors . He must 've been riding those brakes like an old lady . - That 's nice .
How 's this Friday ? - This Friday ... is gon na be fine for me . It 's good .
Look , I like myself . I would n't wan na be anybody else . And I realize now that none of this matters to me .
I could n't possibly care less . Caitlyn , can you make sure you get a shot - of them together , please ?
I just heard the vic , Simon Campbell , has regained consciousness up at Covenant Hospital , so I 'm gon na head over there and question him , all right ? And let me know if anything clicks with our piano man . Hey , Ms. Pulitzer herself .
Just makir connections . Bitch fired off a few lucky shots . But JTRO jumped his ass .
That 's a message from Triple D ! Hope you like meth , bitch ! What the fuck ?
It 's game time tomorrow ! We ... we packir Glocks , nigga ! Too much heat ?
We had each other 's backs , back to back . You ai n't the only one who lost BTRO . We all did .
It can be done . But I got ta know you 're as serious as a deep throatir dyke about this shit . Can yo ' ass keep a secret ?
I 'm not goir back to that shit . Get the fuck out of my way . Yo , you know what BTRO told me that night , huh ?
Oh , fuck me . I do n't even want to know what that shit is . Fuck me .
Whoo ! Nobody 's ever fuckir beaten my ass up this mountain . Not even BTRO .
Then would you take the $ 10,000 ? No , I 'm not a monster . $ 100,000 ?
Where ? The dude right over there : What do you mean , '' '' dude '' ?
Greg , you 'll lose your cheerleading scholarship : but under a cloud of shame : Tina :
Now , if that fucker 's got some Abe Lincoln shit to pull I want to have a hail storm of fuckir lead to shove up the motherfucker 's ass ! Now you got the Glocks , ai n't ya ?
I woke up the next morning next to his ass , just figured , what the fuck ? You just figured , '' What the fuck ? '' That 's going to be a rad story to tell the grandkids .
.... [ Stops ] I 'm not done yet , Monica ! To be a real cheerleader --
Clown shoe wearing bitch . Suck a good ass dick . Oh , shit !
He told me he had never been more proud of anyone than he was of his lil ' bro . Ever since you was kids , you ai n't never given up on nothir . Look at you , man .
Okay ? And I 'm thinking about violating myself tonight : It 's an actor relaxation technique :
Damn it , JTRO . Dayum , you still out here in the mo suckir 242 ? I heard you out here just sleepir in the dirt , dog .
God : Everybody , find your happy place : California State College , are you ready for a showdown ?
If it is n't the blond Last minute cram session , kiddie kiddos ? Why do n't you guys worry about your own team ?
We have to take their heads and grind them into the mud : and then stomp on their backs and then drive over them with Marni , geez :
Because you are a total and utter bitch . Ah , look at you two . Morning , sweetheart .
But Liam thinks , Liam thinks it fuckin ' rocks . At that time , we thought it was fuckin ' great and I still think that . It just was n't Morning Glory , ..... and I 'm sick of these people going on about Definitely Maybe .
And there was all these kids ..... doing their fuckin ' ..... dancing thing . Liam and Andy Bell walked in . I went '' Have you seen them kids ? ''
Okay . Okay , well , you ladies , have a lovely lunch . He 's got a marvellous swing .
It 's where all the beautiful people in Manchester used to live . But I wrote it in , er , ..... my bedroom , and I 'd just been listening to Exile On Main Street . And the melody from the first line ...
They wo n't bite , you know . They 're not gon na make it that easy , are they ? We 're on the clock .
English tradition is fantastic . I love the pomp and snobbery of it . And so to take that and create something new and modern ..... is , for me , just the way forward .
If we 've got shit tickets , dude , when I gave you a bunch load of money , with money-no-object rules attached to it ... I do n't wan na be sitting in a wheelchair pit or fucking behind a pillar or right up at the fucking back ... Ed , I 've got something to tell you , mate .
Fucking hell , have I put on weight ? Do I look fat to you , bruv ? Have you got any experience recording live music ?
And I come home with a broken arm , ..... broken leg and a shotgun on me shoulder . And me mam goes ( Irish ) '' Fuckin ' kind of music are you making down there ? '' * .. keep building
♪ I'ma be whatever you need ♪ ' cause that 's exactly what you do for me ♪ and I wrote it all down in a little notebook
Sometimes a new pair of shoes . What do you fucking think we do with them ? - We withdraw cash from them .
I 'm sure they 're keeping you happy with everything you need to get through this . But are they gon na look after you when you get out ? - They have been so far .
Or their credit cards . Mate , we withdraw whatever the machine will allow us to withdraw . Anywhere between £ 250 and £ 300 a night per card .
I wo n't . You 're not my fucking parents . I smoke what I fucking want .
[ Both laugh ] I 'm actually really jealous of Lily and Judith . Why ?
Mmm , I know all about how big it is . What I do n't know is why women demean themselves by reading such tripe . I 'm not sure I do , to be honest .
There is a bench right there if you wan na watch . You do n't have to perv in the green house . I was n't per ...
I have a question for you . Mummy porn , is it something nasty they do in pyramids ? Something nasty that they publish for women of a certain age .
Well , except retards . Nobody wants to fucking flip burgers or wipe arses for minimum wage , do they ? - And who can blame them ?
You 're my darling Lily . I 'd rather be the bi-sexual ninja . Bi-sexual ?
Look , Mikey , if you do n't wan na do this , you do n't have to do it . If the dole money is keeping you happy and you 're just trundling along fine with Katie , then do n't do this . It 's easy money for a bit of driving .
He made sure he looked after his team as well . Of course , I was always tempted to skim a lbit off the top , but I knew I had a good thing going and I did n't wan na risk it . Each of us were rinsing 100 cards a night , each one paying out between £ 250 and £ 300 .
Is this the one ? - Yeah , it 's going to look beautiful . - Oh , look at you .
Your face rug . Like kissing a fanny . ( pussy ) It 's an outstanding set of mustaches .
I kept my head down . Sure like most kids I got into trouble . Bastard !
Water ? - I need some water , mate , yeah . Bobby ?
Seven years . Do n't worry son ... you wo n't do the seven ... You 'll be out in four .
What am I doing ? What the fuck does it look like I 'm doing , you cunt ? - Loo-look , le-le-let 's talk .
Charlie , love , you need to build your audience . - I give you fucking magic in there ! - Magic ?
And he 's in a lot of trouble ! So I think you should send someone up to help him out , do n't you ? Fuck 's sake , not again !
Problem is , once you get comfortable or sometimes even before , they ghost you again and again ... moving you from prison , to prison , to prison . And I fucking hate that . Parkhurst .
26 years in solitary I 've done . And I ai n't killed no one ! I 'm not joking .
I heard that you requested to be transferred here . Cos most of the DI 's would give their right arm to be in fraud or a cushy number like that , do you know what I mean ? Sergeant Hicock , if you refer to a notice of death as a death-o-gram again
Blow his fucking head off . - You could do that , you 've killed people . - Yeah .
Sergeant Hicock . Think you got rid of my old man off that estate ? - Yeah .
This tracker is magnetised , so it 's great for use in all cars . Just pop in the sim card and call it from your mobile . Black coffee , please , mate .
Hold that shit . I said hold that shit ! Look at his eyes , bruv .
Fuck that . This senile old cunt killed Marky and Carl . I told you to put it down .
And you ... I 'm gon na deal with you later , Kenneth . Yeah , so ... so you were saying 700 for the.38 ?
Your girlfriend needs a doctor . Maybe you should call an ambulance . Ai n't no fucking ambulance gon na come here , brother .
* Always believe in ... Give me your fucking money , man . Are you fucking deaf ?
* But you could leave me standing so tall ... Well , you know , who 's gon na complain ? * You are gold ...
Leonardo was n't gay . Said it was a publicity stunt . Sorry , no chips .
To quote someone , there is a third person in this relationship . Do n't be an asshole , Lawrence . Listen to yourself .
What are you looking at ? Who the fuck are you to judge me ? You know nothing about me !
What was the point of Pete dying , sir ? Dying in some shithole country for nothing . - What was the fucking point ?
Samuel , get away from there ! Can you not fucking hear me , hey ? I told you to stop making a racket !
I give money to Amnesty International . I read The Guardian , for God 's sake . And that bloke who cuts my hair ,
Sorry about your friend . It 's a good job he 's a mate of yours . I 'd have kicked his ass !
Last letter I got from him , he ... He said the regiment were n't the same since you left . - How are you , mate ?
I 'll pray for you . What the fuck is wrong with you ? I 'm a fucking arse .
Am I right , or am I right , huh ? - You going to the bookies later ? - Aye .
I patronize gay restaurants and taxi firms and , in a way , I 'm developing a totally new gay art . I wish she would just shut up ! I think it 's interesting .
No , them pack animals , they stick together . And us Celts , we 've got to stick together too , yeah ? If a baby was on fire , they would n't piss on it .
Suppose you 're feeling very pleased with yourselves , dreaming of cracking a great big juicy murder case , eh ? Get your name in the papers . Yes , Sarge .
Do you want some fucking cock ? - Can I help you , love ? - Yeah , I 'm looking for Joseph .
Do you know what it was about ? Mary thought Valerie was trying to steal her bloke . They had a fight over it .
Know he 's got you in his pocket . A pony on the first of the month for turning a blind eye to hooky MOTs is bad enough . But this is the murder of a young girl .
Right , then . Well , drink your drink , and keep your fucking nose out . Prick !
We 're coming in . Throw the weapon down , son . Put the gun down , Dariusl
But the cop just walks away . So she shouts , '' Hey , where are you going ? '' And the cop says ,
I swear , if he comes anywhere near me again ... Are you gon na turn that shower off ? Why have you always got to give me grief ?
Bigger chance of dropping the stick . Yeah , but if it 's faster ... Look , those girls have been together for years .
They argue , come to blows , even . Yes , and he loses his watch . She gets away from him , holes up till first light , when she tries to get the first bus home .
No , thanks . Look , I 'm a lot more fun when I 'm not in the team , innit ? Yes .
Still , all 's fair . Well , ought n't keep you from your ... But good to see you , Morse .
But he could n't have been the guy who pulled the trigger . The guy who done it , man , he was a kid . He was small .
♪ You get up off the ground Take a look around ♪ Dust yourself off That 's when they knock you back down ♪ You get up off the ground Take a look around
That 's love , innit ? So you gon na join us ? I ca n't , man .
She was gon na try to take my kids away from me . I was n't gon na let her do that . What about the kids , Darius ?
But before the case could go to trial , the Army shipped Darius back home to Texas and discharged him . Just in time for him to murder his wife and kids . Which goes to prove my point .
How many phones you rob today ? Had my shit out on the table . When I put it back in my bag , I must have picked it up by mistake .
I had to duck . - I 'll dead him if you want me to . - You 'll do what ?
Hmm ? Caught your act in court , Doc . There 's been some fallout already .
You ai n't got it yet ? - So you can clean your stuff , man . So you 've cleaned the house , yeah ?
Move ! Don 's gon na be back soon . So what happens now ?
Make fuckin ' noises ! Make the noise again , cunt ! Go on !
I ca n't take my clothes off , man . Get your fucking clothes off ! What 's wrong ?
♪ People want to step into the party and jive ♪ ♪ What you gon na do , baby ? It 's on you ♪
What the fuck ! What the fuckin ' hell are you up to ? - What you talkin ' about , you mug ?
♪ So Kirby did n't mind him Hangin ' round that much ♪ Especially any time Janet Came around to fuck ♪ Get her fix while her kid , Chris Waited around
Allright ? you find someone who 's been doing it for a while , and you give me a call . fucking out ?
Derek , come on shower I got ta go speak to Caren . - You 're leaving me on my own ?
Yes ! Now let 's start the bidding for this saucy little minx from Estonia . And saucy -- well , we mean saucy , because we gents love a little bit of saucy , do n't we ?
where are the girls in the boot Now i do n't know why you 've brought a gun , if you 're stupid enough to let me see it look , i was n't gon na do anything with it wo n't mind giving to me then , will you can i get it back , it 's not mine later follow us
Nah . What the fuck do you want ? I want you to show me some fucking respect .
fucking hell ! go on , fucking sicko , are n't you she 's a little kid ca n't you fucking shut up ?
where have you been ? you 've been ages yeah , I had to earn some money , did n't i ? stick your hand out why ?
do you know what virgin is ? yeah so are you one ? come on are you a virgin ?
♪ All these people talkin'bout they got our backs ♪ ♪ Tryin ' to do us over , we ai n't having ' that ♪ ♪ Believe I 'm runnin with the ... pack ♪
had about enough of these cunts Shut up , all right , shut up i 'll kill you , i swear Oh , Chum , come here , quickly hold it now keep it on them any of you smatter so much as a fucking sound , i swear , he 'll kill ya all right ?
New fucking management . Ooh , what are you gon na do ? Tell Don on me , are you ?
just a friend , Kelly will go with you and all right ? you spend an hour with him , i 'll give you 100 quid why ? well you 've already fucked someone before , have n't you ?
Should n't bloody well offer them , then , should you ? Look , you ca n't get rid of us . It 'd be a disaster for the club .
And ambition . Get a lungful of that air , eh ? Be good for me health .
I remember that . When Derby County were at the fucking foot of the Second Division . When nobody had heard of them for 20 years ... and nobody had heard of Sam- bloody
SHIT , THE BLOODY STORM . LET 'S TRY THE OTHER ROOMS . COME ON .
What ? And let Hearts in again in the morning ? Fuck off .
Well , I 'm sure we all admire your loyalty . I did n't come to be lectured by some cocky little twat from the North East . The way I see it , there 's no point being in this game ... unless you want to beat the best .
Apparently , the terms have been agreed . Well , what did you bloody call me for then ? Because when I asked Bill Nick how done the deal was ... he said 99 %
I ca n't get over it , Mother . I 'll kill that bastard that killed my brother . Stop going on about it .
She were more or less blaming my mum for her being on drugs . I would n't ever use me mum dying as an excuse for anything that I 've ever done in my life , really . Cos we 've all got to learn by our mistakes .
Same as the day that she were took into hospital after this stroke . And if she 'd have known Lorraine were there , she 'd have had summat to say . Cos she swore blind she did n't do nothing , you know , to all of us .
Make yourself useful , or something ! Kirsty , is it OK if I have a little look at you ? - You want her to get her kit off , or what ?
We did n't , with hindsight , fight hard enough . We made the right noises , but they were pissing in the wind . Lorraine came to see Kathy after a few days , but she looked like she were n't bothered .
That was her plan . Pull the other one , kid . She 's lovely to look at , but she 's not Alfred Einstein , is she ?
I 'm doing some rank stuff or something ? Yeah , I bet she 's a cracker . Where is she ?
I do n't see why we ca n't just take off , just the two of us . Fuck the money Fuck the risk . We 've been through this a thousand times .
You keep this up and I 'm a pop you right here , you understand ? Oh , you ai n't gon na kill me , Jermaine , come on . Oh , yeah ?
it 's not about the money . - Well , of course it is . It 's not the bloody money !
I got a plan , see ? Let 's go through it one more time , yeah ? What ?
Catch you on the other side . Sorry about the head butt . It 's fine .
Tie down the beast . So you have slain my son ? I did not fight .
They 're drinking champagne . Find out what his racket is . May I ask what persuaded you to be so bold as to invest in an all-female production of the Scottish play ?
No , Jasper . I 'm a sports reporter , not Carl fucking Bernstein . But because it means so much to you , lover man , I think I know a man who can .
You know that , do n't you ? You look nice in civvies , Terrence . No one 'd ever guess you were an off-duty police officer .
Cool , man . - You gon na help me with this or what ? - Jay , man just got out of jail today .
But you gone psycho , blood . You shot man last night and now this . I 'm not going jail for you .
Oh , thank you , God . Get out of here , man . Arsehole !
Why 's he getting excited ? - Who the fuck you talking to ? Look , let 's just calm the fuck down .
Fuck ! - Might as well jack him . - Fucking come here .
You fucking pussyhole . If not for this prick , I would n't have had to . - You 're wrong , Dabs .
I do pay you attention , babe . Did n't we shave my name into your pussy hair the other night , huh ? That 's attention .
Fuck you . - Who the fuck are you talking to , blood ? - Get off me , cuz , yeah ?
Rah , blood ! So I do n't see you in a couple of months , yeah , and you got yourself a girl , blood ? Babe , check they did n't put no onions in it .
Come in . We can have a fat spliff , just cotch for a bit . It 's small .
You got the time , blood ? You in a rush , blood ? Nah , man .
What 's it about ? You ai n't gon na survive this day . I guarantee it !
Sabrina , why ? Trying to fuck her too now ? No , it ai n't nothing like that .
Crazy Candace ? Hell , yeah , man , we 're still together . Matter of fact , she about to have my baby .
Your girl . So get your shit , then we 'll shoot his fucking face off ! - He up ?
Walter ! Who the hell are you calling '' bitch '' ? The man said move your car !
What y'all want with him ? Sean 's gon na knock him out . - Ho , shit , what up , Sean ?
♪ To all them that stays , the seats are empty ♪ ♪ Where 's all the hip hop fans , they 're all MCs ♪ ♪ So even if I 'm better than the rest ♪
What the fuck happened after that ? They shit their pants , is what happened ! They paid him !
What 's up , Bonnie ? Yo , y'all ai n't seen Sabrina around , have you ? Sabrina , why ?
I dare you . Turn the fucking camera off and get the fuck out ! Candace , Jason .
Hell fucking no . My karma is already too fucking gut shot , butt-fucked bad man . - Ai n't that right , Jim ?
I told them that you wanted to go on a test drive and they trust me . And your name carries a lot of weight , so here she is . ( LAUGHS ) Come on .
Grimey , fuck this . Jamesy Boy here , talkin ' me into bringing him back to their own crib , to plan their next move . But once , now look , once he 's inside ...
Yeah , Reggie 's out front waiting for us , man . We got ta go kill somebody . - Now ?
Like a half-hour , man . That 's why we got ta kill this motherfucker quick . Is there something funny about this situation ,
Right , Sabrina ? And you guys would n't fuck my brother , either , right ? Well , I might fuck your brother .
Yo , Sabrina , it 's Jason . Stop calling me , all right ? Stop texting me and stop emailing me every two hours .
Mm-mm , bullshit . Three days commissary says Jongo 's gon na turn him out quicker'n nothing ' . Oh , shit look at what we got here .
Yeah , I know , but this shit ca n't happen between us , all right ? So just let it go . - No , Sabrina .
Completely reinvent yourself . Erase all your past sins . Just be who you want .
I hate this place . The exact day I turn legal , I 'll be gone from here so fast , they 'll never know what hit ' em .
Prisons are packed with crowded spaces . Lifers and guards , with hollow faces . ♪
The exact day I turn legal , I 'll be gone from here so fast , they 'll never know what hit ' em . I got it all figured out , too .
Well , ca n't a little ol ' girl-child have herself a high ol time in the big city ? Beats slavin ' on this ball and chain . What are you talking about ?
Come on . Last one back 's a skank . Thanks , Faith .
Tell Walt to call me . I dunked my head in that pond in the park . The one near the zoo ?
There were nothing but the remnants of a few molars . And if you ai n't got them , well then , you 're shit outta luck . 'Cause then , they ca n't tell who you ever was .
He worked at the bookstore . We made love in the stockroom . Mom , I do n't wan na hear about your affairs , please .
You felt I was n't aggressive enough . I 'll make more of an effort to do stuff . I 've been cooking and doing chores at my house .
Moscow to Petersburg . Cross the border to Helsinki , I 'll meet you there . She asked for you .
Where ? This place is run like a clock . I ca n't believe you 're in the vent !
Did I ? You know what Federov 's going to do when he secures the presidency ? Change the world .
But my glasses are messed up , though . Hey , it 's gon na be fine . It 's gon na be fine .
You do n't think that makes him dangerous ? These guys always talk a big game , but at the end of the day they 're mostly men who just like the sound of their own voices . You want your story and your Pulitzer Prize ?
`` I 'm better than you , you 're better than me , '' whatever . Here , dude , I ca n't unlock it . You try .
I like the other guys better . Where the fuck are the other guys ? - This room is soundproof .
But you did n't . It was written by Roger Waters of Pink Floyd . - I think you know that .
No . - Do you never bit easy ? - Respect handkerchief .
And understandably so . Nevertheless , you are his only living relative . Your uncle has left you an inheritance .
I do n't know . I 'm locked up , I 'm in a room . Me , too .
Nothing ? No , obviously he 's bummed you 're gon na be gone for a year . It just seems like he 's trying to distance himself from me , you know ?
Is that yours ? I was trying to get them off . I was trying to get them off .
Analysis lacked depth , shades ... What is it you like of Greek tragedy ? I love women .
Okay . Well , maybe you want to share with me what the fuck is going on . It 's not good .
And then I come . And you will realize what 's missing in your life . I really would not that you travel .
If you would just excuse me for a moment . Again , she can not just barge in here every time she loses her glasses . She has to make an appointment just like everybody ...
And if you have not told me the story by the morning , we can be demolished along with this building , and our bodies can be crushed by the rubble , and we 'll be compressed into dust . I 'm never telling you that fucking story , okay ? Ever .
Question one : When I 'm in LA , how often do you masturbate ? Come on .
You hate dogs ? May the best man win , Miss Glick ! Oh , she will .
( sighs ) I 've never done anything like this , Joe . It 's starting to freak me out . Well , uh , neither have I .
AII right , I'II see you at Thanksgiving . AII right , hold on for your mom . Ooh , she was so surprised .
( LAUGHTER ) No wonder you 're acting so funny all day . I 'd bust if I 'd had to keep a secret like that . ( CHUCKLING )
Hello , everybody . Truvy , can you make some quick magic ? I know I look like 10 miles of dirt road .
Sam , I 'm your -- Golly , because I must have misunderstood . I told you that when we first met .
I think it 's awful of Drew to throw his son out of the house . My brother can be a hothead . And you know Marshall , he marches in from New York , unexpected , without so much as a hello .
On Ash Street ? The past three years in a row , Roughly this time of year ,
She just wants a guy who 's gon na do whatever she tells him to . It is a good thing that she broke up with you . - Thanks .
Right . ' Cause fucking losers watch porn , - guys that ca n't get laid . - Well , no .
Get that court card signed . Unless you want to play the pier forever . I know you love this place and all , but .
But now , I do n't really see the point . I do n't know , I guess I 'm missing something . Because most people eat that shit up .
I did n't help those girls ... You got a lot of fuckin ' nerve coming in here , man . You know that ?
I 'm gon na go now . No , you 're not goin nowhere , man . I said we 're gon na have some coffee ,
Sherry , hey . I 'm wise to your shit , man . I do n't know what the hell 's been going on between you two ,
I said look at this play , I said it right to you ! I ask you to do the easiest fucking thing , and you ca n't do it ! - At least I know what a TiVo is .
What are you tryin ' to say , Chuck ? I 'm telling you that she 's my baby girl . I want you out of here , man .
You know what ? I should n't have said that . - No , it 's fine .
Oh , the mind always was the Achilles heel in our family . Then again , you made out all right In the brains department , huh ?
I do n't think so . - Did you try to call her ? - She does n't want me to call her .
And my life , but you screwed up her kids lives , too , man . The kids she ai n't never gon na have , Because that rape left her sterile .
! You 're fucking kidding me , right ? !
It 's a secret ? All right , I wo n't tell anyone . Hey , guys .
♪ '' It 's a crock of crap '' ♪ And that was the end of that ♪ ♪ Here we go
I guess I just mean love like , you know , like when we 're making love . And while we 're doing it , all the bullshit does fade away , and it 's just me and her , right there , and yeah , I do lose myself in her , and I can tell she is losing herself in me , and we 're just fucking ...
All right , come here . I 'm gon na give you a massage . Oh .
Mmm ... - I wan na meet your friends . - Those guys are assholes .
Daunte culpepper . Ya , daunte culpepper , private eye . Now , I like that name a lot .
I just wan na go home . I wan na go home , man . I wan na see my kid and ....
Are you okay ? Come on , Jimmy , let 's move ! Move !
Wait , wait . They worked for the fucking DEA ? Probably not for very long and almost certainly not its agents .
♪ And all the things it sucks to be ♪ ♪ Like the Great One said ♪ '' It 's a crock of crap ''
The funny thing is , I ai n't start using it until I was 28 . Up until then , I have n't smoke a joint even when I was overseas and half my unit were on one thing or another . You were in the army ?
In the kitchen . Remember how Dad used to always freak Mom out and tell her all those stories ? Yeah , I remember .
You did n't . You see , one shot ... well , the bullet took a bad hop . It hit a 7-year old girl in the eye .
[ ALLISON SLURPING DRINK ] Looks like it 's just you and me , sweetie . Oh , I love those scrunches .
What 's going on ? - Kept telling her we ai n't on welfare but she did n't wan na listen . And I 've tried to explain it 's not that kind of welfare .
We got ta clean this up . If we keep our cool , this thing could still work . Think about Jimmy .
Listen , forget I even brought it up . Hey , why do n't you scamper up to my room , boil some water get the chicken claw out of my suitcase , do some light stretching and I will be up in 5 ? Chicken claw .
I just ca n't believe he broke up with us on a conference call . How did he fool all of us ? Yeah , but the weirdest thing , really it seems like he wanted us to fall in love with him .
Then , just when she begins to think that you 're another , you know vanilla-nice guy that she can tool around with all night without getting naked you insult her . Flip the power dynamic , and you let her know you 're here to play . - Well , Jenny said she does n't like games .
Ah , you got a ways to go yet . Oh my God Sheriff , you 've been shot . - Somebody help him !
Thank you . - Gonne photograph your brother 's wedding ? No .
No . I want you to shut down every private airfield and landing strip in a 100 mile radius , I do n't care how small .
Have Dinkum and Martinez meet me in the school yard . And I need you to be on top of the roof of the old hotel to be my spotter . Figgy , you go to the Southside , and check if the buildings are cleared , okay ?
Here 's how it 's gon na go , John . Pull your men back and stay the fuck out of my way or your agent is rood kill . I 'm good either way .
The barricades been completely destroyed . It looks like a war zone down there . We 've got several officers down .
The FBI says there 's an escaped fugitive that might be heading our way . Shit , when it rains , it pours . This is no coincidence .
We had slumps before , you and I , but nothing like this . You boys look like you got busted in a brawl in Scollay Square . That 's how we feel .
She was so graceful . When I saw her the next day ... I dumped a truckload of roses at her feet ... and I told her that if it was n't enough ,
And I prescribe her medication , make her feel good . Listen , man , if she ai n't on the streets , I ca n't tell you .
What are you so happy about ? It was n't exactly a slammer up on the Grand Banks . Is n't it past your bedtime ?
Is n't it past your bedtime ? Bugs , how you making out ? I 'm not .
Yeah . You did all that so you could get a hold of me and muss me up ? Yes .
It 's pretty rough stuff out there , that 's for sure . We either hang out here for a few days till it calms down ... But , cap we got 60,000 pounds of fish here .
Not lately . Want to yank my site , you go ahead . - Murph .
What are you trying to prove ? Are you trying to show that you 're not a flake ? Are you trying to stick with something for once in your goddamn life ?
If he 's rich as well , you might have a fight on your hands . I want you all to meet an old chum of mine . He 's irresistible .
He makes the trip every year . So our guy 's a customer . We 're trying to get ahold of Mr. Park , see if he knows anything .
I got this retired high school principal offering to come over to where I 'm babysitting . He 's got so many chats , he ca n't keep his names straight . He keeps calling me Jill instead of Molly .
Yes , Tina . I 'd like to get home sometime before Easter . I 'm in a traffic jam here .
Etched upon my memory , baby And/ ' ve got your kiss Sti// burnin'on my/ ips
Bring Sa// y up and bring Sa// y down Let 's done start Got ta ti// the ground Bring Sa// y up and bring Sa// y down
Up in here , up in here Y ' a// gon na make me go without God , I love that car .
About a million to one , if it were a coincidence , which it 's not . The only way we found out about this is because it was tipped to the county sheriff 's office and the police within minutes of it going up . Both tips came from a pay phone in the central city so whoever is behind the site is local and wants attention .
You 've given enough . - I want you to take some time off . - What ?
And I do n't know , it 's , like , my fault pretty much . I kind of wan na reach out , but I 'm not really sure - what I should do about it , and ...
And we got a Randall Raines . If they take this , we will take them down . He 's pulling something out of his pocket .
And then she was all like , '' Bitch , if I wanted your opinion , I 'd ask . '' And I was all like , '' Bitch , if I cared what you thought , I 'd ask . '' My grandma is so annoying .
Shit . I did n't do it for the money . I did it for the cars .
That 's right . - Each student will be required to turn in their phones to teachers and retrieve at the end of the day until we have gotten to the bottom of this . No more phone .
What 's your answer now ? I 'd kill you before I 'd kill this dog , you sick old fuck . I 'm gon na reach over and break your neck .
Oh , do n't worry , it 's a working title . You know , I was thinking maybe '' retail slut '' or just '' slut whore . '' You thought the first video was bad .
Yo . Man , who is that chick ? Who is that bitch ?
And now with no drunks there ai n't no bums . And with no bums there ai n't no motherfuckers to feed the ducks at the park . What 's a fuckir town with no ducks , JTRO ?
What ? I 'm gon na 187 this motherfucker . I ca n't hear you !
It 's like you said . I do deserve someone who will stand the fuck up for me . And you always have .
You going to try ' em on ? Or you just going to sit there messing with your dick ? What the hell are we doing all the way out here in the 138 ?
♪ ♪ Hey , I would like to check these out . Hmm , Free Choice Psychology ,
Look at this motherfucker ! What the fuck is this pussy doing ? That ai n't on the screen .
Listen , I 'll be done when I 'm done . Just give me a minute . [ knocking at door ]
Listen up , ya'II ! We about to sticky-sticky-sticky start this show , you know what I 'm sayir ? A'ight .
Problem is I do n't '' Beat-Beat '' bitches . How 'd a pussy bitch like you ever beat BTRO ? Good God !
look who it is , smart guy : Why do n't you say something smart , smart guy ? Yeah , okay :
You did not have to save me : your butt ever since cheerleader camp : Really ?
Yo , nig . Busta L Dubba E is lookir double serious tonight . Shit 's gettir hot !
No , girly , you do n't know You see , I got to go out there first : Just me :
Hey , man , it 's my job . I made a promise to BTRO . But it ai n't just that .
Oh-ho : We 're tough , we 're lean , step to us Hey , ho , you know :
Dewey ! Okay , let 's blow this joint : Mon , Mon , Mon :
So , what ? So homeboy and me are done . D- u-n .
And with no bums there ai n't no motherfuckers to feed the ducks at the park . What 's a fuckir town with no ducks , JTRO ? It 's nothir !
Come on , Bro , get up . Come on , bro , get up . We roll together .
Gross ! Just pay him no mind : No :
And , consequently , there emerged this protest movement , if you like , ..... this new music , these new fashions , ..... which were more anti-American ..... and British in a slightly caricatured way . That was enough for , kinda , the world to go nuts for a little while ..... about London 's Second Coming . ( swinging music )
Do n't do it , do n't do it . - Look on the bright side , brother If you start to convulse , we 'll know you 're telling the truth .
Synthetic fuckin ' rubbish . I were growin ' up in the ' 80s . It were '' What the fuck ? ''
Lance liked to make films . Can you work this , dear ? Showtlme .
A long time ago . Done some fuckin ' miles on the road . We have , yeah .
There were thousands and thousands of teenagers there , ..... and I 'd never seen so many ... kids ..... um , smoking so much dope , and taking so many drugs . * Tell me how
He brought all the Britpop luminaries and whoever in , ..... and asked them all to do songs for it and we just kind of did it . And it was cool , it was good fun . The whole of creativity that came off the streets , er , surprised people .
We found a way to modify the chip and PIN pad so that they record the data without affecting the transaction . I 'm gon na show you how . We pay somebody a couple of hundred quid to swap their machine for our machine for a few days whilst it racks up the customer details .
I am not taking dating advice from my daughter . Mom , you have spent 20 years worrying about what 's best for me . It 's your turn now .
I 've actually got a date tonight , I 've got somewhere to be , you know that ? Right , this is gon na be your first assignment . You take this to that address .
Could n't think where else you 'd be . Uh , now 's not really a very good time . Where is she ?
Whilst you 're up , Chris . Guys , sorry , there 's a bit of a glitch . Run out of beer ?
♪ it 's just gentlemen talk ♪ ooh , ooh , gentlemen talk ♪ to a lady
It 's not your fault . Him and Ralph playing'fuck , fuck , goose . '' You 're not missing out .
I do n't see how children could fit into this set up . Well , everyone here 's a big kid . It 's the parents that stay away .
So when I got out , I decided to play it smarter , not so hard . Mind you , anyone fucks with my family , my business or me , I revert back to Scotty Robinson just like that .
I smoke what I fucking want . I am your fucking dad . I fucked your mum 18 years ago and now look at the problem I 've got .
Mind you , anyone fucks with my family , my business or me , I revert back to Scotty Robinson just like that . But these days I leave the terraces to the likes of you .
Fuck me . I 'm gon na have to go . - Fuck off .
Film star sir. `` Death Wish '' Bloody good as it happens . Yeah I 'm sure of it , sure , thank you .
Them youngers , huh ? They all wan na have a rep . They think it 's the strap that gives ' em that power , that respect .
What happened ? Fuckin ' dude tried to assassinate Tyrone , man . He 's a dead man , same as you 'll be .
This attacking of my officers ... We can handle this prick sir . Webber would you please take the rest of the afternoon off .
She 's gon na eat him up . Is it true , they 're gon na let us play in a few weeks ? Yes , it 's true .
Calma , shut up . Listen to the guy , he 's got something to say . If you want to be in the band , got to listen to the guy , okay ?
Or you joining them now ? - So , what you gon na do now , man ? - I have no idea .
Morning . I was just gon na come and check your pulse , see if you were still alive . Who are you again ?
`` Death Wish '' Bloody good as it happens . Yeah I 'm sure of it , sure , thank you . So ... 69 days , was it ?
♪ I 'm gon na run with the deer ♪ ♪ I 'm gon na swim like a swimmy thing ♪ ♪ I 've had it with this , girl , I 've had it with you ♪
What the fuck , Miller ! You fucking frontin ' or somethin ' ? This is our end , you get me ?
! You 're having a fuckin laugh ai n't ya ? Oh spare me the Oliver Twist routine .
Yes ... `` Death Wish '' Fits you down to a T. Perfect ! Charlie fucking Bronson .
Huh ? Get over the motherfucking bed now and rub me here you slag ! Go on rub it in .
♪ And ready for bed ♪ ♪ You 're asleep still standing up ♪ ♪ I like you not made up ♪
You know , Mr. Attwell , the nice old man that you and your mates murdered in the subway . I do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about . So , Carl ... killing a pensioner , it must have been hard work for ya .
I said hold that shit ! Look at his eyes , bruv . Look at his eyes .
Cooking it is . This should be a piece of cake . Fingers on buzzers , here 's the first course .
Who 's Leonard ? He 's the man you and your mates murdered . So , what happened , son ?
Think I do n't know my fucking rights ? I know them better than you do , you muggy cunt . ... may be given in evidence .
Before Countdown , put the oven on . After Countdown , get a packet of these , put them in there with some oven chips , yeah ? It 's for mum .
I , urn ... I just want to say that , um ... - You do n't ...
Did you stab him , Noel ? I 'll stab you with my fucking cock . Did you kick him ?
It 's how it goes , innit ? These days you need protection on the roads . But tell me something , though ... when my little brother got himself cut up , where the fuck were you lot ?
A real Taiwanese last supper ! `` As the old proverb say , '' Slowly , slowly , catchy prawn . '' Now , you put your bait on the hooks and you put your hooks in the water .
* Whoa-oh * You 're gon na pay for it * So you better get rich
I 'm fine . It was a nightmare getting here with all the madness . What ?
No , it was n't for me . I always thought you were gon na be a high flyer . Have your own firm .
Cheers . I 've always thought you were the only one of Tom 's friends who was n't a fucking idiot . I 'll take that as a compliment .
I think I 'd better have a word with the gorgeous Charlie . You 're being a bit of a slow coach today , Charlie . We 've only got until Sunday , you know .
What did you say ? Fucking dogs are driving me fucking nuts ! Can you hear that barking ?
I missed Superman because of her . My little boy is crying his eyes out . I promised him the Man of Steel .
No . - I 'd still treat her like a dog . - Why ?
I read The Guardian , for God 's sake . And that bloke who cuts my hair , I reckon he 's gay , and I do n't have a problem with that , so you ca n't accuse me of being homophobic .
I love fucking animals , yeah ? I 'd fill the place with exotic creatures , yeah ? Like off the Blue Planet .
Sorry to hear that . Yeah , when was the funeral , Joseph ? - Wednesday , I think .
`` I want to see the Man of Steel . '' `` Fuck the Queen , '' says he . My own boy .
Aye ? Trousers are a bit big , but fuck it . - Can I use your mirror ?
Who the fuck are you to judge me ? You know nothing about me ! You do n't know what that bastard did to me !
Maybe the spirit was willing . Saturday night , he 'd had a skinful . Tried to have his way .
But the calf managed to get the umbilicus caught around its neck . Hard go of it , should imagine . Doubt shall be bowling legspin again for a while .
Look , I ai n't gon na try and pry into your family business or nothing , 'cause I know if you tried that shit with me , I 'd rip your head off . But I 'm just saying , there does come a time in a girl 's life , yeah , where she just needs to stand up for herself and tell her dad to just stick it up his arse . Nobody talks about my dad like that .
No . No , I ai n't going back . I quit the relay and I just want to focus on my solo thing .
Do it ! I-I 'm sorry about your sister . You can put one in Kirby 's head , but you ca n't kill this pussyhole ?
pay for the damages . - Listen , do n't tell me what to do , okay ? So , what , you 're gon na let me stay here ?
As adults , we should- 'The mother the father , the big people ! '
What are you lot doing at my Auntie 's ? You 've nicked stuff , and you break stuff . She 's chucked me out .
Is that crack ? - Oi , do n't ask about that shit , bruv ! - Can I try some ?
Medical examiner said the girl took a long time dying . Bled three pints of blood onto her daddy 's clothes . DA 's not seeking the death penalty .
♪ He had a shaved head But still got mashed on drugs ♪ So Kirby did n't mind him Hangin ' round that much ♪ Especially any time Janet Came around to fuck
Paul , can I have the fucking phone ? - I ai n't got it , mate . Give me that phone !
Hey ! That 's why no one fucking loves ya , mate . Shut up !
We 're cool , B . Man , man 's laughing at you in your own road , man . They 're calling you a pussy hole .
Fuckin ' score , bruv ! Do n't tell me you made her go in there for 20 fucking pound ? That 's all he was payin ' .
'The mobile number you have called may be switched off . ' How long you gon na keep me in here for ? Open the door !
Give me the gun . Give me the fucking gun . Come on , let 's go .
Chris , just allow it- Do n't say my fuckin ' name ! You do n't fuckin ' know me !
You 're out . - I 'm a better fucking runner . - You tipped them off .
Who ' re your parents ? Why are you asking me all this fucking stuff ? 'cause you ca n't ... , ca n't you ?
Robbo . - Well , he ai n't here , pussy hole ! So where is he , then ?
Here , go sit I think it 'll take about an hour , so why do n't you go have a kip . What about that man , Derrick ?
Do you want me to take care of her ? Get the fuck out of here ! Fuck !
staying with a mate for a bit stay away from London .... fine there he owes me money you ai n't gon na see that luv look , i 'll get it for you , allright ? i love the fields
her phone 's here , i n't it ? do you mind if we wait for her ? look , i 've , i 've fucked my leg up it 's not my flat
What are you saying ? You ai n't gon na cause problems out there , are you ? You wo n't last two seconds out there .
I see you 've gone up in the world , Skinny . You gon na remember your friends , cuz ? Shut the fuck up !
do the fucking window up i do n't wan na do this thing what do you mean you do n't wan na do this ? what are they saying ?
all this scum around here That 's where you do live , is n't it ? Oi , punk , stop !
I do n't fucking think so What 's happened to your fucking face ? They are on their way , they said they would be a couple of hours right well it looks like we 're gon na sit here , and fucking wait then
You little cunt ! Move your fucking arse , we got ta drive Fucking move !
Stay here a minute , allright ? i 'll get you some food and fags just gon na make a call , do n't go anywhere yeah , i found someone
How is it ? Do n't tell me he 's got you wrapped around his little finger , okay ? I mean , come on , Liza .
need to speak to you what 's the matter ? - i am in trouble what kind of trouble do n't matter , i need to get some money- i ai n't got any Kelly no , you allright i need to come work for the day where can i go ? they do n't do it down here surrey , anyway , there wo n't be anybody around plus you look like shit Kell
You can almost see the stars . Who the fuck is this Skinner ? Well , I do n't know , Frankie boy , but I think maybe he just came around to set us up .
Listen . Don is gon na move heaven and earth to find out who put the fucking finger on him , okay ? That 's gon na create a very bad situation for me , and you 're just acting like it 's some simple fucking thing .
i ai n't fucking doin ' it shut your fucking face- i ai n't fucking doing it shut up , she knows what she 's doing- does she fuck , she is a little kid ... i am giving her a 100 fucking quid- no i ai n't fucking .. now , shut your fucking mouth , allright ? so just fucking make sure she behaves and shut up you allright ?
Aye . He wo n't have to run about so much now , will he ? Fat bastard .
We are not even allowed to mention Mr. Revie 's name . What me and the lads are trying to say , Mr. Cussins , is ... compared to Mr. Revie ... he 's just not good enough . What 's going on , boss ?
I 'M NOT GOING TO LET ANYONE IN . FOR CHRIST 'S SAKE , THERE 'S A MURDERER OUT THERE . AND HE CA N'T GET IN UNLESS WE LET HIM .
There did n't appear to be any contact ! - The referee has given a spot- kick . - He never fucking touched him , ref !
You 've called Norman Hunter Norman '' Bites Yer Legs '' Hunter . Peter Lorimer falls when no one touches him . - And I was right .
ANYWAY , I GOT THE HIGHEST MARK IN MY YEAR FOR PRE-MED . - YOU ARE THE CHAP OF CHAPS . - PISS OFF .
She said , '' I 'm not having my daughter dressed as no Paki . '' And , er , ripped the lot up because it was , like , velvet dresses with frills on and stuff . My dad promised he 'd come every weekend after that , and every weekend I used to look out of the window and every weekend he never come .
Boersma 's shot . And that look ed very much like a right hook by Johnny Giles . That was shocking .
A lot of people say that to me . He 's so quiet and speaks dead nice to you , using his manners . You do n't see many round here using ' em .
Right . Let 's leave him be , eh ? ( Hedge trimmer buzzes )
I 'll thump that bastard in a minute . His son 's dead and he ai n't bothered . What kind of a father is that ?
Er , right . And er , yes , sorry to bring this up now , but ... Oh , good Lord , the tie .
What ? I want your spunk to kick the living shit out of Eddie 's . Nice this , eh ?
Bruv ? You were all right , old school . Catch you on the other side .
I leave my wedding ring and engagement rings respectively plus £ 100 each . To Mrs Ball , who helped with William as a boy and has looked after the girls so well since Anne 's sad passing , I give £ 150 , and my silver coffeepot ,
Eleven minutes past four . Got the same birthday as your mummy , have n't you ? I love him , do n't I ?
What a day ! It 'll take a bonk and a drink to clear me head . Ah !
Thought you might fancy a spot of breakfast in bed . Eddie , you are such a sweetie . You know me .
It 's overrated . Shit , I can help you with brains if that 's all you 're worried about , you know . Look , just shut it , old school .
And like for the nuns , a pimp 's price is exactly the same . We take your soul , baby . We take your soul .
Give me my money , Eddie . So , you gon na show me a good time , Eddie , or what ? Yeah , ' course .
Such is life , huh ? I hope the hell that my daughter on that farm . And my family too .
It 's a place where people bring bodies to be buried . - And we would n't have to kill ' em ? - They 're already dead !
They got guns ! Oh , for pity 's sake , Private . Come on .
He 's wearing a lime green polo shirt . I 'm not blessed with much fashion acuity , but I know a plonker when I see one . I 'm worried about you .
Give me the fucking chocolate too . My man got ' nuff batteries . What you need them for ?
Come in for a chat . We ai n't got time for no chat ! We need to go get him now .
And you know what ? I 'm taking your fucking batteries . You ?
She 's fucked off , innit . Look , yeah , I did n't know Trife well , but ... it 's fucked-up he 's dead . - So do you know anything ?
You told them it 's all nonsense , yeah ? You 're thinking about it , innit ? Blood , do n't be stupid , man !
Yeah , yeah . Yeah , come we play this . - Hey , pass the controller .
Listen , this ai n't a dictatorship , '' blood '' , this is a relationship . I 'm a 22-year-old woman who 's studying law . He does not tell me nothing .
Listen , your man pushed himself up on us , yeah . If your tings ai n't tight enough to keep his dick pointed at you ... She ai n't even fucking worth it .
Nikki , can we go outside ? Anything you got ta say to me you can say in front of her . I 'm sorry .
What is wrong with you ? Lady , I was n't asking for ass . You called me an ass , when you parked in my spot .
Hey , you guys , I feel sick . Yo , let me hit that . Let me get that , hey .
Mikey ! Man , chill the fuck out . It 's early in the morning and shit , man .
It 's down here , over here on the right . So you gon na come in for a sec ? No , I 'm good .
Just keep your head down . All right , once you 're out of here , you 'll get a new girlfriend with bigger tits . Yeah ?
I fucked that little black girl , Reggie 's little sister . That 's why Jason 's dead , right , Sean ? I do n't know .
He 's kinda fine . You would n't fuck Jason , would you , Sabrina , huh ? - Nikki ...
You all right , man ? You look like you 've been through a war . Yeah , dawg , I have .
You 're not ... You 're not attracted to me , okay ? I 'm sick of people telling me how to feel all the time .
This silly faggot , man . Why do n't you put that camera away already , dawg ? Yo , I just came to see my boy .
It 's just that I was trying to help us survive . And I 'm sorry if I did n't always treat you right , 'cause you always make me happy . Always .
Just as soon as you fuckin ' ... What the fuck happened to you ? We have to go .
`` Ass . '' You think you gon na get some ass to keep your mouth shut ? What is wrong with you ?
What are you talking about ? Yo , I got ta get out of here . CRYSTAL :
And right now , I seem to be on track . Whose track , I do n't really know . By this time , my mother thought I should be married , and according to my life schedule , it 's four months away .
He 's got ta be in the market ! I want eyes on him right now ! Mason .
Yeah . I mean , it 's gross when he turns into a bug but I love how matter-of-fact everything is . Yeah , it 's very Kafkaesque .
And I finally get here ... Christ , a dead old hanging dude . Hatchet Sally .
And I went and spent 300 bucks on a fake I.D . Well , I got ta get , but ... I definitely owe you one , so ...
Agency thinks it 's Arkady Federov killing anyone or anything that reminds him of his past . The guy 's gon na be the next Russian president . What 's this got to do with me ?
It means '' bitch . '' Do n't you remember ? You 're calling me a bitch ? No , do n't you remember the last line of Godard 's À bout de souffle ?
I 've tapped into a CCTV feed . What the hell 's going on ? Op One , this is Control .
A gun , like , a cell phone or a map or something in here . Do you wan na wear that ? Come on , let 's check it out .
Okay , maybe . I think he 's getting good at guitar . I know .
I have seen it before . You do not know shit . She 's just pain .
You 've never tasted it before ? - I use curry , but not like that . - It 's festive .
But make one little slip and the money goes to the dogs . So you might as well just give up right now . Give up ?
You 're in deep water . Unfortunately , there is no improvement . Very well , Mr ....
When it hits that circle , you press the button . Then you 're gon na follow this bottom line until it gets to this circle . Then you press the button , okay ?
Eventually a wheelchair . All the time wondering if you 're gon na break up with me . - Stop .
Yes , Nic , we have been listening to you , but the truth of the matter ... The truth of the matter is , total Mickey Mouse operation here . Antiquated methodologies , dinosaurs with government grants .
I 'm about to have the biggest adventure of my life . Je peux vous aider , madame ? - Let go .
Ciao , Harry ! I think maybe you need a little assist , huh ? Thank God , Luigi !
He can go to hell . I do not stop , you bastard . - Pull over now .
To you , Miss Glick , this generous check in the amount of 10,000 dollars , made out to his favorite charity . And to you , Harry , this $ 500 chip out of my own pocket . Not too bad , huh ?
When I was in high school , I got a job as a busboy at this place in the Village , Dante 's Café .
I 've never watched it , but I was there for the taping , yes . All right , come on , do n't bullshit me . If you 're not the one sending that video to Hobbs , then who is , hmm ?
That is correct . Doggy little lawyer yapping at my heels . - The dogs need that money .
Hobbs , this is Porter Wren . One of your goons broke into my house today and shot my three-year-old son and his babysitter . You listen to me , you motherfucker .
Well , you see , I 'm real lucky , because I do n't have to wait but for one more day . Mama is gon na give me one of hers . We check in on Sunday .
♪ All the words that once were true ♪ ♪ Would n't fall into the blue ♪ ♪ If I never met you ♪
The mayor 's wife and she does n't even bother to put on Spanx . Looks like two pigs fighting under a blanket . I have n't left the house without Lycra on these thighs since I was 14 .
Carol ? You 're referring to the spider woman I found in the gutter ?
KELLY : Guys , he is burning up . We need to get him out of here .
M'LYNN : I bet that feels better , huh ? I hooked my baby up .
No , Lucy , that would be wrong . Tamara 's mommy lost her case ... and she has n't seen her in six years . She had five different mommies , and one of them hit her .
( BOTH LAUGHING ) I think I got ta go again . SHELBY :
Mmm . - Oh , honey , what was it called ? DAD : it had that guy in it , that actor ...
I can see the value of these now . I can have the kids from the neighborhood come over and bounce up and down on them at a fucking party . - Oh , sarcasm , I get it .
Dad ! Dad , do n't come in here ! - Are you all right ?
You go , girl . You Just spread that love . Spread it all around .
There had been so many girls , So many girls hurt in that house . And I did n't ...
Oh , my God ! You have n't cum in a week ? - Mm ...
I knew when the bartender sent over that tray of stingrays That this meeting was gon na be fucked . So what 's going on ?
Rooty Tooty Fresh and Fruity . Sunnyside up , not too runny . two sausage links .
What did you think he was gon na say ? I thought he still had a pair of balls hanging between his legs . You sound so fucking stupid to me right now , I feel sorry for you .
There 's no time like the present . You think you 're up for it ? Yeah , think you are ?
How you been ? - How did you get my Facebook ? - Oh .
Why ? I struck out my first time having sex , got PID . I 'm sterile .
I used to watch ' em a lot when I was a little kid , before I could get my hands on any porn . Back then , if I wanted to see a really hot girl , my best bet was to watch a movie . - That 's the one you like ?
Yeah , this is the long game . You 're not getting that butt from Barbara Sugarman anytime in the immediate future . If you had it like that , it would have went down .
Oh , you knew that , yeah ? This is fucked up , man . This is seriously fucked up , man .
I ever saw her , ' cause ever since then , I 've felt the same way . She 's the most beautiful thing I 've ever seen in my life . - To you , baby .
You know , maybe even as early as next week , hopefully ? We go out there to Three Floyds , and maybe , you know , leave early , like around 3 : 00 , next Thursday or Friday , whatever you think works ... whatever works for , you know , a lot of the guys . Hey .
You 're not a little boy in Georgia anymore , you know , Running to the cops in the middle of the night , Trying to get them to stop some low-life
And then he said , `` I think maybe we should just not . '' I think he said something along the lines of ,
Something I 've always kinda wondered is , is it the same guy I 'm talking to every week or there 's a few of you and you switch off , or ... how does that all work ? Well , anyway , I told the Father a while back that I stopped watching pornography , but that was a lie , I did n't stop at all . The thing is , this week I actually did stop , like totally just not doing it anymore .
I 'll stay . That 's a very smart stay . That 's a bad card for you .
That has nothing to do with me . I do n't want to have one of these big things with you . I 'm just saying .
Dobbs is right . In 40 minutes , when we fail to check in with Ashcroft this whole area is gon na be crawling with cops . Here 's what we can do .
So , what can I do for you ? Well , this was really my brother 's idea , y'know . Bringing you out here .
Stand by . Eagle 24 , we 're 2400 block , Madison . Two-four , stand by .
Yes . To being in our house and hanging out with us and for making a great meal . To our new kid .
No evidence . - '' We 're gon na torch the trucks '' ? - Are you listening to yourself ?
You met me at that flower shop , did n't you ? - I met you back at the subway . Damn !
You know , you have babies and do all that good stuff and live in this house or a house equivalent to this . Yeah , you guys could come over and play bridge . Fuckin ' pass .
And we 'll sit by the fire and relax on the beach . And fall asleep on the fucking sand . And if we do n't fall asleep ... because there 's a good chance it 's too uncomfortable to fall asleep ... we 'll put the fire out , and we 'll go to bed .
Scudder ! Of course , the flip side of that one is , if you do give up , - you 'll never know .
I really do n't give a shit , one way or the other . Whoever it was that took your wife , did n't just pick your name out of a hat . They must have some idea you have that kind of cash in hand .
What are you doing ? - I 'm getting us some cover . Hey , Palmer .
I got that under control . - Hey , do n't bullshit me , Ty . Do n't worry about it .
PAUL : Let 's get out of here . - Okay , see if you can stabilize the bride .
Your promises do n't mean shit . - Look , I admit Baines screwed up . You 're absolutely right about that .
HRT , you take the stairwells . You two guys are comin ' with me . You shut down elevators .
Now hang on . Let 's see how this plays out . Okay .
I do n't have time to explain every little detail to you . Why do n't you go out there and patrol , or something like that ? Look , I do n't know you .
You 're talking to a 72 year old man with high cholesterol eating a bacon and cheddar omelet with extra cheddar . Do I look like I 'm afraid of death ? Do n't look at me .
I can walk ! Just because a man gets wounded in the line on duty do n't mean he ca n't walk . I do n't want that .
What are you doing ? Are n't we going to , like , fly off or something ? It 's the present , you idiot .
Of course she ca n't really fire in the legal sense though . But I did run down all the missing parts for her . So she could funstion theoretically .
Why do n't you just fuck off ? Listen , I 'm not gon na go back in until I know you 're all right . You do n't have to rush .
The company I 'm workin ' for , gon na ' pay you a lot of money . - You do n't have to do a damn ... - Did you hear what I said ?
Let 's make sure this guy never sees the light of day again . We will travel underneath the radar . Let 's do this .
Air Force rescue 2-3-1 , you 've got a wet hose . All right now , hold on ! In the water !
Next time I fish the Grand Banks , they wo n't be so grand . You just struck out on the Grand Banks . Then I 'll go further .
I want you to have these tickets . It would mean a lot to me . Who are you ?
I smell Coppertone . That means that Captain Linda Greenlaw a lady vain about her nose , is in my wheelhouse . Make that Hawaiian Tropic .
Full ahead . Hold down the fort , Quentin . Thanks , Q .
Are you kidding ? I 'd go in a heartbeat . - You 're fabulous !
You 'll get a shitload of fish . I 've been in bad patches so many times and came home with so much stock little boys like you had to pack it on the pier . I always find the fish !
Add to the scenario this baby off Sable Island , scrounging for energy . She 'll start feeding off both the Canadian cold front and Hurricane Grace . You could be a meteorologist all your life and never see something like this .
Gets the same train every time 'Cause his world is built ' round punctuality It never fails
We 're totally wrong for each other . We 're totally wrong for each other . I know .
He 'd have rocks taking Prozac if they paid cash . And by the way , you want one doctor to start writing Zoloft ? It 's the guy standing next to him .
Trey Hannigan . Lilly 's Prozac rep , top 10 nationally . The Devil .
Can we start with '' good-morning '' ? - My God , I 'm so sorry . Who is this ?
What is wrong with getting rich ? God only knows you ca n't do that in medicine anymore . - He 's right about that !
Yes . First of all , you have great taste because that dress was amazing . - Thank you .
They 're great . - Then she got serious with mine . - Pretty sassy , is n't it ?
He can watch . What makes you so damn sexy ? Oh , my God .
Next stop , CEO . You ca n't do that with a sick person holding you back . I can do anything I want .
I do n't know . First you bring food , and then you wan na spend the night , and then you bring a change of clothes , and then you bring a razor and , oh , my God , it 's a relationship . I do n't want a relationship .
There 's a big rig over there ... Uh , mister , is that your truck out there , the Big Rig Wrecker ? - The Big Rig Wrecker 's mine , but ...
Kip 's become quite the little crew runner since you left . - You do n't talk to your ma ? - She neglected to mention it .
A little late , though . Did Annie ever forgive you for bailing on the party ? Yeah .
They 're too smart for that . They 'll just dump the cars . No , we 'll get them with the Mercedes .
I 'm surprised he has the patience for auctions . - Oh , you 've got him now . - Okay , there 's his IP address .
Really . - Man , I ca n't watch this . - Come on , come on , come on .
Say hi to Griffin . I love you too , honey . Bye .
Poor Toby , man . Sure looks like he 's in a lot of pain . Hey , if that 's pain , you can shoot me anytime .
There once a boy named Toby Tucker Bianca Piper just wished he would ... Okay , I think I 'm gon na use the bathroom . Where is it ?
Which kid do you think I mean ? Oh , gee , I do n't know . I think that maybe you mean Kip Raines .
Fi , this is dangerous . What are you doing holding on to this stuff ? If he wanted to hurt me , he would have already .
In the past , her threat alone would 've been enough to make me hide under my bed . But I was n't even trying to hook up with Wesley Rush . I could n't even imagine it .
Who are you and what have you done with Wes ? Or maybe I 'll just Google celeb nip slips . Curtains open .
Or famous people , or 30-year-olds . That sounds like an awesome episode of Dateline . Enjoy those saggy balls .
Jesus , you 're good . How the fuck did you get that ? [ door slams ]
Come Monday morning , it 's back to reality . I do n't know about you , but I 'm happy to sit this one out . I did n't regret hitting '' send , ''
I love you , Daddy ! And you will have to do the dirty work . [ sobbing ]
L ... I do n't remember nothir about the other night . I did n't do anything off the frill did I ?
So now , no one drinks unless L Dubba E says so . It 's the end of days out there , JTRO . The darkness has come .
All right , so check it . My boy BLT owns this joint . Him and BTRO used to roll together back in the old days .
We gots the record breakir champ BTRO from the 248 . And we gots the smack talkir bitch from the 245 ... - Come on , you faggot .
Get your shit in that car ! Time to get ill , motherfucker ! Yeah !
# Your mom 's got ta sack # # I 'm gon na punch that bitch right in the fuckir back # Un !
I 'm sorry . No , do n't be such a fucking asshole . No , I do n't care .
I finally reeled JTRO 's ass up in this piece . Yo , he 's the real deal . For reals .
Marni , she 's future Memo , pink ink , we already have our future [ Chuckles ] The only difference being ,
Where the fuck is you ? I did n't ax you for any fuckir excuses ! Do n't tell my ass to chill !
I 've been saving you since cheerleader camp : I think the score is now Whittier , zero : [ Giggling ] Come on , silly :
Why did n't he ever tell me about any of this shit ? 'Cause he wanted to keep yo ass safe , tell you when the time was right . BTRO was my best nig , yo .
Not to mention That must 've been a real special talk you had Too bad yourJedi mind tricks could n't fend off the dark side
BLT should be here any second . Where the fuck is L Dubba E ? It 's over .
Do n't worry . DC and BLT go at it pretty hardcore sometimes , too . It 's fine .
'Cause he wanted to keep yo ass safe , tell you when the time was right . BTRO was my best nig , yo . We had each other 's backs , back to back .
They 're all part of a grand legacy That last empty frame right there is reserved : for the head cheerleader who will take our place -- our next leader :
[ Excited Squeal ] Y'all ready to rock the body electric ? - Ahhh !
There he is ! Who the bloody hell is that ? Hey , what are you doing with my son ?
He ca n't afford suppressants , but they 're discounted to employees- are you happy now ? So who else is a charity case here ? Yeah , you would n't speak up , if you were .
You want our first time to be in a car . - Honey , I just want our first time . I 'm not doing it in a car .
What are you saying ? They rigged the tests to bring us together ? Some kind of experiment in group dynamics .
What ? Not the type you would have been happy with in the end , dear . Do n't change the subject .
* I 'm sure you 've heard it all before And by us havin ' it , ..... hopefully some other people will learn how to have it . Know what I mean ?
* I 'm a rock'n'roll star ... * It was a decade of festivals . People just did n't give a fuck , you know .
She was on the verge of losing it . - I know the bloody feeling . Let 's get him .
And watching them literally moving up and down . And they were jam-packed ..... with 15- , 16- , 17- , 18-year-old kids . And this was a generation that had only known one establishment , ..... one order .
Mike , spare me the '' honour among thieves '' bullshit . At some point you 've got ta put yourself above them . I just hope when you do , it 's not too late .
Do n't tell me you put it in the bag . I put the card in the fucking bag . it 's in the fucking bag .
Yeah , great . Not gon na do me much good getting the shit kicked out of me . You 're not gon na get the shit kicked out of you . it 's not rocket science .
♪ cool as a winter wave ♪ cool as the water that I 'll pour ya in the morning ♪ it 's just gentlemen talk
Yeah . It 's time to fucking get out of here . Come on , come on .
Jamie , you 're gon na drive . Dan , stop fucking doing drugs as well . I can smell it in this fucking apartment .
I 'm here for the goods . - What d'you fucking mean , what ? - Come in .
Uh , no . Well , fuck off out of the way then . Go on .
If you 're gon na disappear , you 've got ta do it quickly . And if you 're gon na fuck off , you may as well be hung for a sheep as a lamb . - I do n't know what the fuck that means .
We need to discuss this '' mano a mano . '' I really do n't think ... [ door opens ] Hello , Celia , Helen .
Let 's go , mate . Come on , let 's fuck off . Watch out , lads .
But then we ditch the card after one use and then we move onto the next one and the next one and so on and so on . - Yeah , it 's still theft , mate . - Mike , we 're not mugging people .
What you been doing with yourself ? - Bit of this , bit of that . - Oh , shit .
♪ cool as the rocks in the drinks ♪ that I 'm gon na buy you ♪ it 's just gentlemen talk
What are you gon na do in there ? We 're gon na use your guitar and your keyboard and write a new song . Okay , but do n't go through my stuff .
Never changes , does it ? Now my mom once said '' Stick with what you know '' . And I knew two things ...
Um , just since the start of the summer . Ah , and you are the boyfriend ? No , uh , I 'm the friend .
I mean , do you think that , like -- I mean the Stones are still around , of course , but , I mean , they do have a dead member . I mean , obviously , there is a mystique ' cause they did lose one along the way . It 's almost like with Led Zep , is n't it ?
Magic ? You just pissed on a gypsy in the middle of fucking nowhere . It 's hardly the hottest ticket in town , darling .
We die like fucking flies out here . Nobody gives a fuck , we 're totally fucking redundant , you know , no purpose . You want that ?
Is n't it ? We 're done , you can fuck off , alright . Alright .
I know it 's not the moniker that I was looking for but what were they gon na do ? I mean they could n't let a loony run around for free ! Oh yeh ... they had a dirty trick up their sleeve
Do n't move cunt ! Now hang onto your feelings , alright ? 'Cause it 's gon na get fucking hairy .
Go on rub it in . That 's right we ai n't got all day . Rub it right down my back .
I 'm after him on foot . He 's turning left at the junction , you take him , yeah . Heads up .
It was alright . We did n't have it bad for a couple from the chippy . ( chip shop ) But they do n't give you a star on The Walk of Fame for not paying .
Fucking ... I fucking shot her , man ! Exactly what she looks for in a man .
HARRY BROWN ( 2009 ) - Do you want it , fella ? - Yeah .
All right , Ken ? Got a 20 bag , yeah ? Yeah .
I bet it did . I bet you buzzed off it , did n't ya ? Sticking it to some old codger .
She 's my business . Now you pay for your gun and fuck off before I hurt you . And you ...
I can manage a bit of shepherding . Been Nathan 's teacher for seven years , I wan na see this through . He 's a very sensitive kid .
And the next person exactly the same story . Every single bastard one of them has their own food . And every one of them is keeping it quiet .
Yeah , that 's right , yeah . Yeah , I 'm usually right , it 's a knack . Do you mind me asking ?
Then he wo n't be laughing will he ? It will all start again like when mam died . - He 'll be angry ...
Who 's he play for ? - No one sir , he 's a Saint . Oh that 's better , go on .
Over . What are you drinking there , love ? You fucking slag .
I will say , she 's got a nice little set of tits on her . But you two are a right pair of cunts ! Look at me .
Come on then , pussy'oles . Watch my fucking arm , cunt . You leave him alone .
Uh ... No , seriously , thank you for everybody who 's , uh , shared and stuff . Because there 's definitely things that I can identify with and that I definitely recognise ; .
Well , you would say that , would n't you ? Yeah , and I 'd also say it if it was true . You 'd better not be .
Unbelievable ! People have no idea about the shit storm that 's about to go down . Is this thing real ?
We 're trying to kick-start it remotely now . The perpetrators knew we were gon na be there at that time . They knew where we were going .
You wan na go to war ? It was my fucking doggy , man ! I 'll fucking kill you !
Please . By the time I 'm through with your face , nobody 's going to wan na look at you , let alone pay to fuck you . He said nothing would happen .
How much do I owe you ? Do I look like the Chancellor of the fucking Exchequer ? There 's no fucking way !
I went to your house . I wanted to sort this shit out . I saw him .
Good heavens . Yeah , your Butterfly in ' 54 . If had to save one disc on my desert island from the waves , that would ...
You do that , but do n't come back here . - I 'm gon na look after my family now . - What ?
Bruv , he 's done told you ! Go smack him up and you 'll get your shit , man ! So you gon na do it ?
You ready ? I 've looked at the American stats and ... - Dad .
We 're coming to you live from the heart of the capital , and we 'll keep track of all Britain 's medal hopes . I think/ { ' 5 gon na be an amazing week . We 've got big hopes for all our athletes .
Back at the spot . I ai n't gon na fuckin ' walk around with it . - Let 's fuckin ' blitz , bruv .
You think you can roll round with me all day and then when shit gets deep , you wan na duck out ? What so you can run and tell your pussyhole bredrens what I do ? You know what I 'm about , bruv !
You fuckin ' idiot ! That 's why you get parred ! Cos you roll with man like that !
Hmm ? Anita Addison said he got off because he joined the military . What are you saying ?
Make yourself at home . You got a nice place , do n't ya ? - Have trouble geftin ' here ?
Come here ! You 're getting my phone back , are ya , huh ? Sit the fuck down !
♪ At least that 's what they told Chris Still he ai n't that dumb ♪ He knows Kirby 's upstairs Bangin ' his mum ♪ While he 's left in the basement With some racist cunt
Why did he have to kick off today of all fucking days ? Could n't he wait 24 hours , the fucking psycho ? !
Now here 's the money and I 'll give you the rest of it when I get in touch with Ed . Now you 've got to give the baby back cos she ai n't yours . - She ai n't having ' the baby back
What 's happened to your fucking face ? They are on their way , they said they would be a couple of hours right well it looks like we 're gon na sit here , and fucking wait then look at that !
someone 's got ta pay for that do n't you fucking move Derek Joanne , take the trigger
I need that for the bus Do you got any fags ? - Yeah
It 's not your first time on the wrong end , then , eh ? You ever thought about giving it another crack ? Tooley Street , was it ?
Fucking finish him . Let 's get the fuck out of here . Fuck him .
come on , how many fucking times ? 2 i think it was 2 you stabbed my Dad twice ? sorry i 'm sorry
All right mate , what are you after ? Jeez , what happened , to your face ? - Nothing for you to worry about
♪ Take control , make me scream ♪ ♪ I ca n't stop lovin ' ♪ ♪ I 'm a love machine ♪
♪ Tryin ' to do us over , we ai n't having ' that ♪ ♪ Believe I 'm runnin with the ... pack ♪ ♪ It 's Cryptic , Motley , and Danny Boy who 's got my back ♪
I 'm gon na put you in the next worse place to hell . You 're gon na fucking beg them to kill you . You ...
I do feel that Brian Clough ... Now , I 'll not call him Clough , I 'll not take him down like that . Thank you .
i love the fields it 's a shithole , this place How do people live like you ?
AND DO N'T LOOK AT ME LIKE THAT . IT 'S NOT GON NA HAPPEN , ALL RIGHT ? WHATEVER YOU SAY .
Of course it 's Pete . - Yeah , of course it 's Pete . - Do n't be cheeky , Nigel .
You clever , clever , clever bastard . You should 've seen O'Hare 's first . Turned Bremner inside out .
JUST LIKE THE OLD DAYS , EH ? LIGHTS OUT IN THE DORM . EXCEPT , THIS TIME I WO N'T BE SHINING YOUR SHOES FOR CUPCAKES .
I 'm gon na give you some good advice , Brian Clough . No matter how good you think you are or how clever ... how many fancy new friends you make on the telly ... the reality of footballing life is this : The chairman is the boss , then comes the directors ... then the secretary , then the fans , then the players ... and then finally , last of all ... bottom of heap , the lowest of the low ... comes the one , who in the end , we can all do without ... the fucking manager .
( Lorraine ) It was a red-hot sunny day . Erm , and the grass was all way overgrown and stuff . We 'd been playing hide and seek and my Auntie Pamela shouted ,
The chairman there answering the catcalls of the Derby crowd . A big mouth , but he 's a good manager . We do n't want to lose him and we bloody lost .
Keith . He were nice to the kids . He had time for the kids and she 'd known him for quite a long time , but sort of picked up with him when she fell out with Jim .
I just ... I pretended I was still asleep cos I might have got in trouble if I was awake . And , erm , they was talking about me , Lisa and Andrew , and just from nowhere , I just , erm ...
Come home dinnertime , sleep , back out at night . Oh , yeah , but she did that for years . Every day .
How is your young ' un ? Ai n't seen her for a while . She 's alright .
I 'm not racist , but I just could n't do with Pakistanis . In them days , you just did n't agree with it . Know what I mean ?
He 'll be out cold till morning now . Just a pity they take an hour to kick in , yeah ? Do n't touch me .
Do n't you know anything ? There 's nothing I 'd like more than to throw him the hell over the pier . All I want is for him to die a horrible fucking death .
The thing is , Dean , a cunt without a hole is a useless cunt . You just gon na leave the bodies here ? Fuck them .
Hi , this is Rhona . Leave what you need and I 'll catch you later , yeah . Bitch .
They 're not moving her anywhere , William . They 're keeping her at the home . They do n't think she 'll survive even a snort journey .
Probably not . What the fuck you looking at , old school ? You .
But Dr Johnston said visualization is the key . Honey , I do n't give a shit what Dr Johnston said , there is no way we 're going to get anywhere if you start putting images of little bald bastards in nappies in my head at crucial moments . Sorry , Freddie .
Here 's to our new product . And where exactly are we gon na find more ? Oh , there 's lots more ... product just waiting for us to dig it up .
The time ... I saw the man , the wee man himself , Napoleon ? Aye , it were a treat .
But it costs money to put on a play , Ginny . None of us want to go back on the game . - Never .
Could you make it 5 pounds 10 shillings ? What with so much ... construction work going on in Edinburgh , if we were to , uh , stumble on any other unfortunates ... would you be interested , Doctor ? I 'll give you 5 pounds for your efforts , gentlemen .
It 's not a joke . All night toilets to back down . My dad was Yorkshireman .
An economy with the truth , Willy , is n't the same as a flat-out lie . And you think Lucky 's gon na grasp that distinction ? She 's not exactly a forgiving woman .
But he was right to do what he did . I took the fucking piss like you are . You know what blood ?
Who the fuck you calling stupid ? Blood , you 're a dunce if you kill someone for them fools . Next man would do it twice for that kind of Ps .
Yeah ? Blood , can dead men do this ? Open it !
Put your fucking hand down , blood . You 're baiting me up , man . I 'm not being funny , but I 've got a barbecue to go to .
Before I murk your man . For goodness ' sake , just show him the titties ! Run !
Now you wan na be bad . You think you 're big , Jay . You wan na be a big man .
And do what ? Blood , what 's this girl on ? What you think ?
It ai n't no joke . My man showed me that she tried to move to him at the drinks ting . And you were there skinning your teeth .
Do n't you ever fucking say that about me ! Come we fuck him up , man . See , I knew you 'd be on it , blood .
Give me your bag ! Give me the bag , man . I 'm sorry .
You really think this is over , blood ? This ai n't fucking over , blood ! Where the fuck you going , blood ?
Get out of here , man . I thought you knew what the bre looks like . I do , man .
Get down ! You think I forgot you , blood ? Is that what think ?
Give me tonight to work on it . Oh , man , you made friends with ' em . See , friendship is the booze they feed you ... 'cause they want you to get drunk and feel like you belong .
Well , Flanagan , he ... He could pitch a hundred-mile-an-hour fastball , that 's why . - So , what happened ?
They do n't got trusts in Switzerland . It 's an account , that 's all . I know the bank well .
Really ? I thought you were the assistant manager . What , are you her personal secretary , too ?
Okay . On September 12th , 2001 , that was over . He wants nothing to do with me .
Where the wheels are turning Home Why I keep returning Home Will infect whatever you do
I 'm your dad . And whatever you say till the day that I die , you 're my gal . You 're the only one .
Seats and tray tables . Seat back and tray tables locked . And our pending graduate , William Miller , not present .
Mazel Tov ! And Mike 's gon na be a father ! Everybody , raise your glass .
This is time , Gordon . I 'm sorry , Jake , but this is simply a trade I can not make . You 're a sad man , Gordon .
Let me try it . - Just watch me do it first . Let me just try it .
And how would you describe your lifestyle , Charlie ? I noticed in the record store , you were holding up a Bob Seger album . Are you a Seger man , Nigel ?
Guinea 's pulling the plug . This dictator , Ojukwa , he says Western bankers are greedy . What else is new ?
You know ... you know all about us , and I do n't know shit about you . Tell me , what 's your family like ? My dad died of a heart attack ... and my sister believes that my mom is so intense ... that she had to escape our family ... and they ca n't seem to find a way to get through it .
Just needed to talk to someone to help me deal with why you left me . Did I say something wrong here ? I just needed to understand why after mom died ... you took a 6-year-old to live with an uncle that she barely knew ... and you left her there for a year and you did n't even call , not once .
The cover of Rolling Stone . And we made it together . - And they do n't just put somebody ...
It was n't from my part of the family , that 's for sure . Anyway , I need you around to talk to her . You were always good at that .
I like to try the one that I have n't tried before . So I deposited a check of $ 100 million made out to United Fusion . From some offshore fund no one needs to know about .
Honey , you 're going about this all the wrong way . Stop thinking of this as just your divorce and start thinking of this as a ... celebration of our lives together . Start having fun with it , and if you do , then the guests will be more likely to come .
The people around him right now , they 're just enabling him . Are you sure that 's a good idea ? I mean , what do the experts say ?
It means their day ca n't get any better . You go to bed too late . You do n't sleep enough .
Deal with it . And let me say what nobody else wants to say . - What ?
They 're wonderful . So , what are you guys talking about ? What 's so wonderful ?
Mommy and daddy are talking . It does n't mean you can take away my day with him . No ?
I 'm just questioning the timing . There 's so much to do before the presentation . And I will get it done , okay ?
You know their C.E.O. , Alex Birch ? Her maiden name is Alex Roverson . Alex ...
Cheers . Well , I hope you 're enjoying the trip , sweetheart . We 're just entering the beautiful state of North Carolina .
Guys , we 're looking at an unprecedented meltdown here . I 've never seen anything like it ... Keller Zabel 's loss today was the worst in over a year .
Mickey . - Nice to meet you , Mickey . Hope you like losing .
It 's Alan Johnson , Charlie . We went to dental school together . Burrows Hall .
But let 's say I could take out a loan against it , your risk as much as possible . Would you do this for me , Winn ? Would you do this for me ?
Now , what record collection 's complete without this ? I 'll put that on my list . Hey , Alan .
I 've been in contact with your father behind your back . After we saw him at the dinner , before you gave me the money . Why ?
I do n't understand . Did n't you read this morning 's capital breakdown ? No , I came right up to the roof .
I 'm Alex Birch . Nice to make your acquaintance again . Ms. Birch .
I do n't even like people speaking about the war . You loved him , did n't you ? Yeah .
You really look alike on that one . Do you remember where we were in that one ? Where ?
Not that many people have done it to me . I just thought it 'd be nice , like . It 'd make us feel closer and stuff .
# Huh # Give it to me two time # Huh , huh
I wo n't let you down . # Soldiers of Islam are loading their guns # They 're getting ready
They 're absolutely lovely . - Do you want to hold one ? There .
No , you ca n't be serious , mate . We 'll talk about this outside . Kes , just sit down .
They 'll only be about that . Be better in my size . Come on .
Shaun , did I not ask you if it was all right ? If he said , '' Jump off a cliff '' , would you do that ? No .
# Oh , yeah # Right now , someone has that number # One more time , baby # 54-46
I wonder if it 's you . If I get up in the middle of the night , I ca n't help thinking about you .
So sorry to bother you again . I was just wondering if Miss Marshall had been back here at all . Helen ?
Ca n't blame her . You 'd think she 'd have moved . I hope you do n't mind .
Do n't want to go washing our dirty linen in public , do we ? As far as West Yorkshire is concerned , your squad will be there in an advisory capacity . Mr Hunter , this goes right to the top .
She was drunk . She was laughing at me and she said ... `` Come on , get it over with . ''
Ca n't say , Mr Hunter . We 'd like you to provide us with details of your bank accounts , you know , savings accounts- any credit cards you might have . I 'm afraid I ca n't give you that information .
Have it up in no time . Those lights are so old . 'Shots fired in the private bar of the Karachi Club .
You 're supposed to be on duty . Your wife 's been calling , Mr Hunter . And 64 .
Now , there have been calls for outside help , a fresh perspective and so on . Which is why we 've asked you here today . We want you to head up a covert Home Office inquiry into the Ripper investigation .
She 's fine . Heard she had n't been too good , that 's all . Do n't mean to pry .
Thank you . I 'll go and clear my desk , then . See you later , boss .
Yeah . I do n't like Mr Craven . He 's a knob .
No , thank you . I 'd better go and say hello . Do n't forget to call the wife .
I want details of cars sighted , descriptions of all witnesses , suspects , whatever . And this time round I want them irrespective of blood type . I want us to forget all previous investigations .
Who knows ? - The UN are very keen . - Are they ?
I 'll tell you what . I 'll leave you alone for a moment , just to have a little think . # Arseholes , bastards , fucking cunts and pricks
# See my tailor , he 's called Simon I know it 's going to fit # Here 's a little bit of advice # You 're quite welcome , it is free
I 'll be in the kitchen , all right ? Now look what you done . We 're all on our own now , son .
# I 'm Billericay Dickie # And I 'm doing very well # I bought a lot of brandy
But you know what , Ian ? No one fucking wanted it . I am not your fucking pet , all right ?
# Slap and tickle # Woody Allen , Dalí , Dimitri and Pasquale # Balabalabala and Volare
# And quite unaccustomed to fear Your mum told your dad to tell me to make sure you went in . Now , go on .
# Shoes like dead pigs ' noses # Cornflake packet jacket Catalogue trousers # A mouth what never closes
# You should never hold a candle # If you do n't know where it 's been # The jackpot is in the handle
Get up ! Get up that dive board ! Over !
My dad played rugby , so he signed professionally for Swinton , so I moved to Manchester when I was seven . Everyone on my street was United fans , and I used to go watch them , Stretford End , United Road . Go with my mates , catch the match bus , the 26 .
And I always remember , I think we were playing Oldham , I think , one day ... I remember Ben Thornley , the left winger , got absolutely battered off the Oldham right back .
I was n't too happy when ... I 'm playing in a game , and I 'm thinking , `` They 're singing my song , you know , for the first few seconds , and then ... ''
# You 're letting us know We have no choice # But to carry on Our winning ways # I hope you have n't got ...
I just wanted to make sure that by getting the map , that all the areas were covered . I got all the scouts in and told them , `` I want the best boy on your team , not the best boy on your street . ''
So all my team talks were based on that . I would bring out stories , some imaginative stories , and some were actually true stories , but always working on the principal of work ethic . I 've heard them stories a million times , sometimes you joke , you do n't even listen , you 've heard them all before .
And that was my thought process going into the game . This was something that I wanted for us both , and we scored and he came on , and that was a special moment . I did n't play in the ' 96 final .
PHIL : There 's no greater feeling than scoring in the last minute to win a game . You know , I 've had kids .
A treble chance , the likes of which no English team has had before , or may ever get again . QUEEN ELIZABETH III 1992 is not a year on which I shall look back with undiluted pleasure . MALE REPORTER '' .
So we all had these Honda Preludes . I 'd waited for so many months for that car , so many years . You know , all the players had had their car before me .
So the manager decided to change things . I 'd played in the first game . We 'd had a goal disallowed , and we felt that we should have won it .
Of sorts . And the evidence At the crime scene . It is a matter of finding the right boy .
Dreadful . Do you have any children , Mr . Carver ? No .
What ? - Just stop trying to tell me what to do . - I am not ...
Bruv . Just get out of my way . Keep away from Grady 's brother !
I a little bit scarred . - We all a little bit scarred . Baby .
Yeah . We are visiting Steven is grave together . Hi .
You just get scared . Have you called the police ? Then what ?
The one who gave me the book ? No , the woman I lived with . The woman who attacked .
Good . The BMA have published my first paper , And two research centers have approached me about consultancy work ,
Uh , listen . Maybe I should just get out of your way and leave you to get on . It is no trouble .
It will do . I can look up to the heavens and say . We are equal now .
And I 'm gon na have you look me straight in the eye on Monday morning and tell me whether or not she would want her man put away in a place like that . You understand what it is that I am telling you , Mrs. Timpleman ? The power that I am putting in your hands .
What , did somebody die or something ? Pete came to see me . Did you hear that Jurrjens pitched a no-no ?
We smoked the last one an hour ago So I looked at the scenery She read her magazine
I got it . What 's the matter , you never seen anybody trip before ? Jesus Christ .
I could show you how to do it , give you some hints but I 'll warn you , it 's very addictive . Well , I do n't have an addictive personality so just show me how to do it . Is something I said funny ?
Soul to soul A kiss and a sigh Sawed in half ...
If you can stay , we can work out the details over the next few days . I do n't know what to say . You could say no .
Such ceremony must consist of the guests attended the wedding in the first place . It has to take place in the same wedding venue . The couple will wear the same attire from their wedding day , and only then is legally bound to sign your divorce application .
Okay , so , I want to go through an authentic conversion , one that follows the most ancient of rituals . You do understand that this will require a circumcision , yeah ? Yes , I do .
Well , they lied to me . They told me they were going to give me more time . Well , they 're not , okay ?
They 'd like to speak with you just briefly . I 'm on my way to a business and golf trip . I do n't have time for this .
It was one of a set . We gave the other to our daughter . It was-
Okay . Grandmother 's famous recipe for tongue on rye . - It sounded like you said '' tongue . ''
Good point . We 'll do the meet-and-greet , you 'll see what you think if you like her , we go from there . - Am I wrong about her tits ?
Can you believe these new girls ? None of them use birth control , and they eat all the steak . I mean , they do n't even know what it is to be a fan .
You know what ? Yesterday was her birthday , and I did n't even know . Yeah , they had a big beach party for her out at her house in Malibu .
There 's a reason this is happening . I need to know how and why . You know that dream you got about that little energy company in California ?
I 'm past ' em , as musicians , but ... the more popular we get , the bigger their houses get ... the more responsibilities , the pressure , you know -- The harder it gets for me to walk out on them . What am I doing ?
Ed , Larry . I really love your band . I think the song '' Fever Dog '' is a big step forward for you .
We took another look and we just do n't think United Fusion is ever gon na achieve what they claim . Babaco needs this money to build these three fabrications ... You might as well just burn the money , Bretton .
It 's so nice to meet you . - Nice to meet you , as well . - Hey , Alex .
Come on . Let 's go get something to eat . You miss it ?
On their wedding day , couples often still say , `` till death do us part , '' but after time passes , the initial attraction often fades . The perfect spouse all of a sudden is a normal person with human flaws .
Excuse me . Well , after a little time away , I actually turned it into one of the largest private jet brokerages in the world and sold it . Made millions .
Bye . I always tell the girls , never take it seriously . If you never take it seriously , you never get hurt .
You did ? You already signed us up ? Yeah , but this time for the advanced one .
You 're so rude . - May I speak with William ? - He ' s still in the bar with the band .
Yeah . I 'm sorry about not being around here lately . But I been working a lot and ...
Nobody saw this ? Gentry 's got potential , but using our number one pick ? Jesus Christ .
Good . Good to see you , Burrows . - It 's Johnson .
But there 's gon na be some blood , there 's gon na be a scalpel , there 's gon na be an owie on your pee-pee , all right ? I got a question to ask you . On a scale of 1 to 10 , how much pain can you take it ?
Mickey , it 's Daniel Rosenbloom . We 've spoken with the partnership committee . You win the Landau case ...
Okay , Alvin ? Christmas , Christmas time is near Time for toys and time for cheer
Cherie . - Get away from the door . - What are you doing ?
I 'm 28 . Well , then how the hell would you know if I 'm lucky to be alive ? I know , it 'll get done .
Oh , I 'm sorry . We 're actually not open yet . - , I 'm not a customer .
I 'll take my chances in bankruptcy court before I sell to that barracuda . Then we have nothing more to talk about . Six .
Just fine . You would n't happen to know what the state bird of New Jersey is , would you ? That 'd be a trick question .
Just for a couple of days . To make sure everything goes okay . It 'd be nice for you two to spend some time together .
I know . You watched it two times in a row . At the drive-in .
Yeah . I 'm just thinking , a lot , too much . - Too much thinking .
Tell me . You do n't want to hear this today . Robby .
And in that moment , I lost my equilibrium . And I fell , right there on the sidewalk . And the thing is , Dr. Johnson , I have n't yet gotten up .
I saw you coming out of a paint store a couple weeks ago and ... I was screaming for you , honking the horn . I stopped the car , jumped out in traffic .
Because , frankly , Julie , I could n't be more excited about this . To finally be in business with you and your firm . And us with you , Gekko .
Did I find you or you find me ? There was a time before we were born If someone asks This is where I 'll be
Will you , please ? Just the two of you , get out . - Okay .
You 're not gon na get any . Now , just go , all right ? Cola Cubes .
They 've done ... They 've done nothing to you . You fuck ...
We 'll leave it today . You might look about four , but you kiss like a forty-year-old . You 're dead sensitive .
Fucking leave them alone ! - Do you want it , as well ? - You 're fucking potty .
We all get together . A big party till late in the morning . Yeah , it 's ... it 's nice .
Preliminary postmortem revealed Karen Douglas died of a single stab wound to the heart . You said Douglas called you . He had information .
Sorry to trouble you , sir . Telephone call for Mr Hunter . It 's your wife , sir .
Be careful , mind . 'You do n't work here any more . Remember ?
So what 's the Ripper doing , claiming Clare as one of his , then ? Still should have told me , John . Yeah , I know .
The type of injuries did n't correspond . She was taken to some disused garages on Frenchwood Street , had sex and then was hit on the head with a blunt instrument . She was kicked in the face , head , breasts , legs and body .
Over 3,000 statements have been taken , and 9,000 men have already been eliminated from our inquiry . We have received letters that we believe to be genuine and we are presently analysing a tape that we also believe comes from someone who we 'd very much like to talk to in connection with this inquiry . I 'm Jack .
And I held her nose . She was making a lot of noise and there was a car there . It drove off while I was hiding her behind the sofa .
That 's a lot of women , is n't it , Peter ? Think we 've left anybody out ? Yeah , you have .
Mr Hunter . I hope that was n't a complete waste of your time . But BJ was very insistent .
For your protection , my dear . I am very , very good with women . I used to live with me mum and her two sisters .
# Good Golly Miss Molly and boats # Hammersmith Palais , the Bolshoi Ballet # Jump back in the alley add nanny goats # 18-wheeler Scammells , Domineker camels
We 're going nowhere . Russ , why you got to say things like that ? I quit .
Stories are what we tell ourselves to make ourselves feel better about ourselves . So , never let the truth get in the way of a good story . Once upon a time , in a mystical land far , far away , well , Southend-on-Sea , a young prince holidayed .
Yeah , see , she can drive . And I bet she can make fucking sandwiches and all . Russell , come on .
I look like a prick . Well , that went well , then . Come on .
# I 'm Spasticus , Spasticus Spasticus Autisticus # 54 appliances in leather and elastic # 100,000 thank-yous from 27 spastics # Spasticus Spasticus Autisticus
He needs you at the moment . Look , I 'm on the verge of something , things are happening . I 've been offered some work at the Academy .
I got into the goal . He goes in the goal and goes like this ... He 's probably thinking , what am I doing ?
I thought he was the glue that held them lads together . Like our , I do n't know , Uncle Gary , he is . He does everything for us .
It does n't matter how good a player you are , if you 're not prepared to work and have a desire to work , then it means nothing . So all my team talks were based on that . I would bring out stories , some imaginative stories , and some were actually true stories , but always working on the principal of work ethic .
I probably will miss it a little bit , but I 'll be doing what I want to do , so ... What I 've always admired about David is his mental toughness is phenomenal . I mean , people can say whatever they want about him who do n't know him , but mental toughness , he 's as tough as anybody you 'll ever , ever , ever meet .
`` You 've had too many chances . '' And he said to me , he 's gone , '' Do you want to end up like him ? '' From that day on , really , I was a little bit more focused , and obviously I 'd seen the gaffer snap before , but not like that .
I just hated them because they were so good . They played brilliant football , they played the right way , they had great players , they played a good system . To watch that mob down the road , to just be head and shoulders above everybody else in the league , in Europe and ...
It 's Giggs ! One of the things that I remember is Butty 's overhead kick , you know . Did n't go in , but he got so excited about it .
You know , you go to war , you take Nicky Butt with you . You know , the manager told him , '' Forget the FA Cup final . Forget it .
PHIL : Patrick Vieira plays the ball square . And I just remember Giggsy setting off .
Azza was the one who got the car started . We drove it up to the petrol station , by the wasteland , Where Stevie wanted to play dodgems .
You should talk to the police as well . It is gone too far . Yeah .
Yes . I do not know , Tom . Sometimes I think I should ...
Ending it . If that Is what you want , I am there for you , Tom . Yeah , I know .
You know just ... Just a little bit more , Tom . You know .
Nothing . I have to go home . Leave me alone , will you .
I do not know . Look , I am going to ask you a question . Okay .
Fuck you ! I did not think you liked his work . I do not .
It is somewhat urgent . - Did anyone phone up , or ... - Is everything okay ?
What would you know ? - I was his fucking father . - Exactly !
A sister ? How do you think you would feel . If your sister .
I . You know ... I walked into a wall . Fell off a bus .
To be honest , when I got traded , I think it bothered him as much as it did me . Actually , I remember him saying he had a daughter in college . Yep .
Where you going , Gus ? Are n't you gon na see what he 's got ? I 've seen all this guy 's got .
Everybody reads the same news . I just got ta wait it out . It 's like the two Florida properties five years ago .
Guys , I have some good news . - I do n't know why every time I 'm here -- - Guys !
It 's got to look like an accident . I like trading with you , Jake . See you around campus .
I 'm on drugs . I think we should work on those last words ! Okay .
Come on , on the bus . Ladies and gentlemen , the evening is over ! We hope you all enjoyed yourselves .
I 'm in Cleveland . Oh , I 'm fine , I 'm fine . I 'm gon na fly back Monday morning .
He got a wire on him . He got me for insider trading . But that 's 12 , 13 months , max .
Ca n't leave room for lots of little copycat 's to start popping up . Yeah , I do n't even know why we took that meeting today . I mean , we have a better deal at Girthan 's .
He says I 'm a '' yes '' person ... and you are trying to raise us in a '' no '' environment . Well , clearly '' no '' is a word Darryl does n't hear much . I ca n't live here !
It 's funny how we ended up being neighbors again . Well , I live in the Fairfax district . I 'm guessing you 're more of a Beverly Hills , Malibu girl .
I mean , they do n't even know what it is to be a fan . You know , to truly love some silly little piece of music , or some band ... so much that it hurts . It 's Russell .
Tell him how old he is . He knows how old he is . But other kids make fun of him because of how young he looks .
Hi , this is Craig , your pilot . It appears we 've caught the edge of that electrical storm ... - we were trying to outrun .
Thank you . I 'm sorry about the way I behaved the last time I was here , doctor . But when I see you in the building , you always seem very busy .
Hey . The girls still at gymnastics ? Yep .
I 'm not exactly a match for you . I mean , I 'm a beginner at this . Remember when you taught me how to dance ?
Can I help you ? I 'm just going up to see a friend of mine , Charlie Fineman . Nobody by that name lives here .
Of course . I 'm talking about family , too . I am talking about our family 's ... future .
Hey , Dad ! Dad , Dad , Dad , are you all right ? - Yeah , I 'm all right .
It was the summer we decided to be free of all rules . And you say you love me ! I do n't love you , man .
And once you go Mike , you do n't go anywhere else . - There something you want to tell me ? - No .
Well , let 's find out . We 'll get you an appointment with a specialist . No , no .
Yeah , yeah . He ' s gon na ask you how the story 's going ... and this is what you do . Tell him ... you know , it 's a -- it 's a think-piece ...
Okay , Michigan is one . Huron , Ontario , Michigan , Erie and Superior . That was an easy one .
Only a coward leaves their kid . You do n't know half of what you think you do . Okay , then tell me the other half .
Yeah . - I put the whole thing together . They act like I 'm the one who works for them .
Hi . I would like to invite you to my divorce . Is it true you 're actually seeking a divorce from Dylan ?
Yeah . By the way , if I am emotionally unavailable ... which I am not , thank you very much , it would be because of you . Just go , will you ?
Good afternoon . Today , we 're going to have a ceremony which you will never forget the rest of your life , I assure you . We have a young man outside of our shul but with a great deal of love in his heart , who has come here today to express his love and admiration for our religion .
I 've got a job to do , and if I do n't do that job ... the Braves will get somebody else to do it . You know , they already think I should be playing Bingo ... - and drinking little umbrella drinks .
What did you just say ? - Your mother called here a couple hours after you left . He died in his sleep , in his bed and Mom 's here with us now and she 's very upset and she needs you .
Oh , look , by the way , I talked to Wang today . I think the Chinese are close .
That 's got ta be half of the appeal , right ? Why 'd you ask me that ? I do n't know .
I am a Wall Street guy . I am and I 'm good at this . And I believe in this .
How have you done it ? It was a boy at school . He made a joke about Dad , so I hit him .
Help me get him to hospital . - Help me get him to hospital . - Get off !
# It would be the first time # Lord knows , it would be the first time # Lord knows
It 's a good fit . Let 's have a look at you . Ah , mate .
All velvet . # That 's where we always meet ... Combo .
OK . I 'll take ' 78 , ' 79 and Laura Baines . OK , listen .
And two other names that are going to keep coming up ... Detective Inspectors Alderman and Prentice . Good team ?
Bye . 'Police are still appealing for witnesses to a robbery and shoot-out'at the Karachi Club in Wakefield which claimed seven lives . 'Two police officers were seriously injured in the incident .
I feel that I really know you . But I do n't regard you as evil . They never learn , do they , George ?
The things they did to her . The things they made her do . They dragged her to the bathroom , tried to drown her .
She 's on the rag , is n't she . I do like gravy with my beef . Do n't you ?
Do you want something to drink ? I 've got tea or coffee . No .
We 're making a number of inquiries . Peter , we would like to invite you to take extra leave . Extra leave ?
'Not on the phone . ' I need to see you . ' Do they know who died first ?
They 're ready for you now , Mr Hunter . If you 'd care to come this way . Mr Hunter , gentlemen .
'Our thoughts go out to the families of PC Tommy Douglas and Sergeant Bob Craven . 'An outside force will be reviewing the actions of the West Yorkshire Police , 'and we , of course , welcome their inquiry . ' Just as they 're about to knock off , Craven and Douglas get the call .
Ian , listen , it 's fantastic . We should go and work on it . What are you ?
Baxter . Tell me , what would you like to achieve here ? What would you like to do ?
# Is very good indeed # Every bit of clothing ought to make you pretty # You can cut the clothing Grey is such a pity
All right . Your body odour smells like a fucking orang-utan on heat . You smell like your mother 's cock and balls .
Oh , you are so gon na miss all of this . When we 've made our millions and we 're playing Hammersmith Odeon ... Why , do n't they have three inches of piss in the dressing rooms ?
# Do n't do nothing that is cut price # You know what it 'll make you be # They will try their tricky device
There 's plenty of time for all that - when you 've had a proper shave . - I 'm serious .
Do you believe in almighty God who created us in His image ? I believe in good , which I think is the same thing . But do you believe in God ?
`` When a free man dies , he loses the pleasure of life. `` A slave loses his pain. `` Death is the only freedom a slave knows .
Your timing 's off , mate . - Well , you 're out of tune . This ai n't jazz .
Right . Rhythm , I 'll have you know , is the longest word in the English dictionary without any vowels in it , right ? It 's very , very special because you can feel it right here .
Look , I 'm on the verge of something , things are happening . I 've been offered some work at the Academy . Good .
Please do n't try and be like me . You want to be like you . We 're all on our own , remember ?
And the smell of Sir Matt Busby 's pipe . You just knew there was a big ... Just a big presence about him still there and ...
Everyone must have thought about it deep down , but it never got ... it never come out vocally . We had a big problem , because Keane and Scholes were banned for the final of the European Cup .
What I 've always admired about David is his mental toughness is phenomenal . I mean , people can say whatever they want about him who do n't know him , but mental toughness , he 's as tough as anybody you 'll ever , ever , ever meet . The early years were tough , I must admit .
GIGGS : As soon as the final whistle went , it was relief , it was excitement , it was joy , it was everything . And I just went to my knees and just started sobbing .
You just knew there was a big ... Just a big presence about him still there and ... You just walked past and , you know , you might see him now and again .
So I literally dropped the kettle and I was just legging it right round , all round The Cliff , and he 's chasing me . Ended up having a big blister on the end of it . I do n't what he was thinking .
`` Probably scored like , maybe on the angle from 40 yards or something like that . '' I remember Eric Cantona just shaking his head and I 'm thinking , `` That 's Eric Cantona , and he obviously thinks the goal was pretty good . ''
It was just so enjoyable to play in that . We 'd be winning four , five , six-nil most weeks . COMMENTATOR :
It ultimately comes from the gaffer , does n't it , really . It ultimately comes from him , I think . What he demands of you , what demands he puts on you .
And so finally , in desperation , I uttered the words '' David Beckham '' , and then there was immediate ripple of recognition , and then you were away . A point of connection was established . Becks had always been comfortable with that .
I think we used to hide in the big gym . When it comes to initiations , a lot of people , it would be over in 20 seconds , 15 seconds . They would just do something stupid , you 'd get a round of , '' That was brilliant '' , you get a round of applause , right , you do n't have to do anything again .
The gaffer had been tipped off that me and Sharpey were going out . So he 's just totally surprised us , and we 're at Sharpey 's house ... I head down that road , I phone Norman Davies and say ,
# But to carry on Our winning ways # I hope you have n't got ... You 've probably got footage of the songs as well , have n't you ?
And most of the time my dad would say , '' He did all right , but he can do better '' . Because that 's what my dad did . When he was 11 , every game in London ,
And I 'm just sat there and I 'm not not listening to him , but sort of half not interested , because I did n't think I was playing . So left wing is last . And he ...
Because you took it out on me . In addition , you took it out on Stephen . I am going to go .
I went down to see his mum . I needed a picture of him for the first print . His mum wants me to find whomever 's responsible for her son 's death .
William Klein . Brooklyn school kids hose them down ... during a sweltering hot New York summer 's day . 672 ...
She can . They were all wearing masks . What about the fucker who spat in your face ?
I saw four of them outside a house in Street . They had a sports bag . There were four of them .
Really . Tom this place is a mess . Do not you have any respect ?
He is a coward . Well , we will agree to differ . Yeah .
Yeah . He was a good-looking boy , was not he ? Yeah .
My name is Carl . My name is fucking Carl . Carl .
You can only see the good in Stevie . However , what do you know ? You only see the bad in me .
I mean , it is amazing . She has got this eye . It is fantastic .
`` Fuck you . '' Figures . You know , I had a son . He would have been 16 this year .
I 'll go . I 'll go , and then I 'll just come right back . Do n't be mad if I have this all done by the time you get back .
He 's my last project . I only do this for a very few people , and I think we should do it together . Because all the guys are good , but he could be great .
Pete . Can we talk for a second ? Have you noticed anything lately ?
Give me one minute . The gentlemen from the restaurant are here . They 'd like to speak with you just briefly .
Hey . I 'm sorry about your dad . Thanks .
Me and a whole lot of others . You wrote the book in prison ? I did .
Yeah , I do n't even know why we took that meeting today . I mean , we have a better deal at Girthan 's . Thank you .
And we made it together . - And they do n't just put somebody ... - Thanks a lot .
I do n't think there 's gon na be a deal . But there are other companies we 're gon na go to . I know a whole bunch of people we can talk to .
Yes , ma'am . - If you break his spirit ... harm him in any way ... keep him from his chosen profession , which is law ... something you may not value , but I do ... you will meet the voice at the other end of this telephone . And it will not be pretty .
What 's it mean to the employees at Keller Zabel ? I think they 've lost their leader . They 're going to be ...
I guess I was wrong . In the past few weeks , I 've seen how much trouble Mike has gone through to get all of you here today .
Please do n't tell me how to do my job . I understand what is needed here . I 'm not wanting him to ...
Hey , Johnson , you 're barely a dentist . You pull people 's teeth all day . It do n't matter .
I have a friend , I 'm spending time away from the house and it 's got your feathers ruffled . You are jealous of Charlie . I actually think you 're jealous of Charlie .
No ! Russell has a girlfriend , and I ca n't even say her name . It 's all happening .
But it 's up to you . I 'll wait until Christmas to hear your answer . I fuckin ' knew it .
Hey , you 're buying diamonds . You got the bonus , right ? I remember visiting you when I was young at the hospital after school , thinking ,
`` So what '' ? We come off like amateurs ... some average band trying to come to grips with success ... jealous and fighting and breaking up . We 're buffoons .
... that your seatbelts are securely fastened . And do make note of the emergency exits . Why did n't you come back to the party last night ?
You 're one of us . If you come to Cleveland ... Bowie 's gon na be at Swingo 's , the greatest hotel in America .
Well , afterwards . I just thought , you know let 's go get some lunch with Nigel . Can I talk to you ?
Winnie ! Why did you make me do that , Jake ? You do n't understand .
Sorry , honey . I was just having a bad dream . - Hey , wifey .
No . His parents died when he was in grade school . He lived with an aunt before college .
Yeah , I 'm starving . I 'll go to high school games . I like high school .
Maybe some little leftist website ? Your daughter will run it . It 'll get some play .
I was n't ready for this . I do n't want to lose you again , Alex . Okay .
You know , and sometimes a little cough syrup ? I 'd stay up all night , just writing and writing . I mean , like 25 pages of dribble --
Calm down . - Let me explain it , okay ? - All right , explain it .
Dude , we have a deal . - I do n't want a deal . I do n't even think we should be doing business with her in the first place .
Do n't take it so personal . I 'm not after your job because I want director of scouting . I 'm after your job because I want to be the G.M . You know how it is .
He 's got all the big bands , and he 's outside right now ... and he wants five minutes with you . And , well , I think we 've got ta do this . - Well , send him in .
Yeah . This letter that you sent my- I can do this quick .
Oh , yeah , this is a good idea . Why are you right next to me ? Because you 're the first scout I 've ever been attracted to , thank God .
I would 've taken Kimberly to the prom thirteen years ago , okay ? - That 's what I would 've done . - Dude , come on , like ...
Absolute crap . - How about a game of Keno , Gus ? - I do n't think so .
I do n't have my key interview . I do n't know what to say . Days are just going by out here .
Afraid you might forget about your job for a second and actually have some fun ? Oh , thank you for the analysis . How much do I owe you ?
Yeah . You know , I got ta get you enrolled in a music-appreciation class . Oh , right , yeah .
I 'm talking to some guy in Mumbai , Dumbai . I do n't know what he 's talking about . I do n't know what he 's selling , I do n't know who he is ,
That 's a load of crap . He has n't had anybody up there in four years . Just me , Sugarman the accountant , the cleaning girl .
Bill , I think we should talk privately . I think that 's a good idea , Bill . Gentlemen , give us a minute .
This is a rental . I 'm pretty sure James has invested in an offshore fund in the Caymans . Your time , you ever do anything with some company called Locust Fund ?
You 're sure ? Not even as a project ? You 'd waste a number one pick on a project ?
I want some chocolate . - There 's biscuits in the cupboard . - Not in that cupboard .
Do n't smile at me . Milky , just stop smiling at him , please . Do n't fucking smile at me , cos I 'll wipe the fucking smile off your fucking face .
my dad was away all the time . Sometimes he was away for , like , a fortnight , working . But ...
Oh , mate , you 're breaking my heart . Sit down for five minutes . - Why ?
What ? You know you 're not supposed to be here . Go .
Cheers , love , thanks . You do n't mind us coming , do you , Smell ? It 's just ...
There 's a disco today , Harvey . But you wo n't be going . Now get out !
I 've asked Pete Hunter to join us . I think he 's our man . He 's Assistant Chief Constable of the Greater Manchester force .
She 's fine , thank you . I hear the casino 's worth a visit . That 's me , gentlemen .
Right , John . I want you to do 1974 , ' 75 and ' 76 . '76 was a very quiet one .
He 's helped me so much . I 'm really pleased that they 've become acquainted . They met after we were here ?
Thank you . John , me and you 'll head over first thing . Helen , we 'll meet you in Leeds Tuesday morning , nine sharp .
They left her on the floor for her son to find . She turned religious after that , like a lot of them do . Ca n't blame her .
Squeaky clean . They 're ready for you now , Mr Hunter . If you 'd care to come this way .
Maurice , that rag features one of the Ripper 's victims . An occupational hazard , is n't it ? What happened , Maurice ?
OK. You work your team too hard , Mr Hunter . I 'll be the judge of that .
`` Come on , get it over with . '' I said , '' Do n't worry , I will . '' And I hit her with the hammer .
Where 's Joan now ? Are you asking me to trust you ? What 's this ?
And I wanted to say I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry if I insulted you . I 'm sorry if I hurt you .
It 's a job that needs to be done . It 's an honour for the Manchester force . Let 's hope so , Peter .
I 'll have a quick one . Looks like you 've had one of them already . Steady on , Bob .
# And you lay that pistol down Just keep singing that last verse . # Sweet Gene Vincent
Give it here . Your lives are to be spared . The terrible penalty of crucifixion has been set aside ...
Oh , pottery sheep ? We should think about getting a divorce . No .
And everyone 's very excited about you being here , are n't we ? Well , thank you very much . It 's nice to be here .
Fuck off ! I 'm more of an Emerson , Lake and Palmer man myself . I thought you were fucking great .
Eh ? Yeah , but if you wish to package that uniqueness , well , then you take risks . Do n't we , Denise ?
Really ? Great as in celebrated , illustrious , famous ? Or great as in large , fat , bloated ?
How can you tell if a stage is level ? 'Cause the drummer dribbles out of both sides of his mouth ! - Yeah , very bleeding ' funny .
Like father like son , eh ? - How old are you , Denise ? - I 'm almost 20 .
Yeah , I 'll be in good company , then , wo n't I ? Look , it was felt that what you 've written just is n't very sympathetic . Sympathetic ?
Is Dad gone ? - Left about an hour ago . Looks all right .
It 's nice to be here . Ian , I think you said it 's okay if people ask you questions . Yeah , go on , pile them in .
It 's ... You know , sounds simple , but that 's what it was really . The fact that we had to beat Tottenham kind of meant more to me than probably most of the other lads .
And Yorke ! When you 're one-nil down and you score that equaliser , you know it 's coming . COMMENTATOR :
You know , just get stuck in . '' And that was the message that was given to us as 14 , 15 , 16-year-olds , you know , '' Pass the ball , `` but make sure you do n't lose any battles out there .
`` Here 's these geese , they 're flying 4,000 miles to get to a better , a warmer climate. `` All I 'm asking from you is to play 30 away games in a season . '' There were some team talks he 'd give that 'd make you shiver .
Because I was so close . I went down to Honda , ordered my car , you know , came out with my Prelude . I was so happy with it .
A few minutes to go , they took Paul Ince off , and Paul had played for me and went like that to me , you know , winding me up , just ... Was n't vicious , it was just , you know , lncey being lncey . We 'd made a substitution , and brought Ole Gunnar Solskjaer on .
# We are champions Say we are champions # And we did the video in the dressing room , and we 're all sort of ... You know , it 's sort of a hip-hop feel , and I do n't think Scholesy enjoyed that , with a baseball cap on the side , giving it all that in the dressing room .
The thing that struck me early on about Becks was his appearance . You thought , '' He 's too pretty to be a football player . '' That was his nickname , '' Pretty Boy '' .
We 're in a final , we 've got something in the bank for ourselves . Now we go and try and win this league now . I mean , the place went wild , and I 'll always remember , that game ,
Butty 's from Gorton , and I think it 's where they filmed Shameless , so it gives you a bit of an idea of the area . But obviously Butty is proud of where he comes from . I think one of his first cars was an Orion .
I know all about that . However , I asked you to find who did This to my beautiful boy . Because knowing something will be doing .
Good . If you want to leave a message , please do . Hi .
His brother died a few days ago . Too soon to have him back . His mum is coming to pick him up .
Do you know , it was hard to live with . - It was scary to live with . - But you survived .
Terry , Grady . Why would you want to do that ? I went down to see his mum .
Why would you want to do that ? I went down to see his mum . I needed a picture of him for the first print .
You forget I have been to a few of your exhibitions over the years . Actually , it is quite busy . Is that suppose to make me feel better .
The woman who attacked . I do not know anything about that . I am trying to help you !
Comfort . That is all they will fuck get . Listen , Tom .
Is the altercation at the flower stall With the as-yet-unidentified youth . - Well , if you find him ... - We will want to speak with him .
Well ... I guess now I go into a life of retirement for all the good service I 've given them . Always use another watch .
Oh , I 'm fine , I 'm fine . I 'm gon na fly back Monday morning . No , no , no , I 'll only miss one test .
Okay , then tell me the other half . Goddamn it , Dad , talk to me . Dad ... talk to me .
It 's very simple . Because you know nothing about Doreen and Jenny and Julie and Gina . Or Spider , the family poodle .
That 's the next bubble . What are you , some kind of energy freedom-fighter ? No , Mr. Gekko .
We 'll all be dead by the time your nutty professor makes us any money . Right , this coming from the guy who said Google was a bubble . Anyway .
Stop thinking of this as just your divorce and start thinking of this as a ... celebration of our lives together . Start having fun with it , and if you do , then the guests will be more likely to come . Just think about it .
I just own the best umbrella . I 'm telling you , you 're coming along at a very dangerous time for rock and roll . The war is over .
In the past few weeks , I 've seen how much trouble Mike has gone through to get all of you here today . He has shown tremendous persistence to end this marriage and unite with Alex .
I know . - Who else lives here with her ? - Just her .
Do you know how to keep from getting charged ... for the ice below the floorboards at Chicago Stadium ? Do you know how to do a headlining tour ? Do you know how to get a record not pressed , but played ?
She was the one who said , '' No more sex . No more exploiting our bodies and our hearts . '' - Right .
Fourteen of them are on view in the Prado . That 's the missing 1 5th . An early sketch for Saturn devouring his son .
No catch . I just got to stay here for a couple more days and finalize the details . That 's unbelievable !
I do n't like remembering . New York One has gotten evidence of a credible terror threat and New York City may be a target . As a result , the terror-alert status has been raised .
Yeah . Hey , Charlie , this is a good friend of mine , Nigel . Nigel , Charlie Fineman .
I 'm trying to get my self-esteem to go to , like , seven percent . Could I get another Heineken ? - You want another root beer ?
Well , yeah , but ... I wish he would 've told us . Honey , Mike has finally found somebody he loves .
Is that the Crosby weed ? - Yeah , this is from Crosby . - Oh , I 'm in .
He wo n't write it . I work as hard , or harder , than anybody on that stage . You know what I do ?
Smell these things . I love the way they smell . Take a whiff .
`` `` there 's no there , there . '' '' You know ? But listen , I 'm at your table . We can talk about this all night .
I do n't know how you make it go away . You see her again , you discuss it ... Damn .
Dad , I 've got it . Let me help , that 's why I 'm here . No , I got it !
You make modesty a virtue , Bretton . The truth is , nobody needs inside information anymore to get rich . All you have to do is stay out of jail .
You 're unique . Take those extra years and do what you want . Go to Europe for a year .
You wan na go get some breakfast ? Charlie , my father just died . Yeah .
We have a business meeting . - He 's just a trainee , please . - I 'll say he 's a trainee .
Okay , and his swing , is it a two-piece deal or is it nice and fluid ? And then go around the other side and see how he goes the opposite way . Now do n't just stand there , get going .
I 'm keeping a safe distance . You 're good at that , you know ? Why do n't you try stopping ?
We 've come this far . We 've been working on this all week . I know .
Gus , now that we 're all aware of your condition ... I ca n't help but ask , how could you tell ? I heard it .
Thanks . I behaved badly that night . I know I did .
Jeremy waited years for you to finish school . At least you could 've given it a try , gone out with him , something . He 's not my type , grandma .
Wait here , all right ? Mickey , I just ca n't do it . This is n't an open tryout .
Dick , just help me get my interview . - I have to go home , Dick . - Okay , okay .
If you wait until Monday , we could go together . I have to report back to my boss before I get fired . I understand .
Jesus Christ . We got ta get a camera crew to follow you guys around . I mean , the Kardashians have nothing on the two of you .
Come on , tell me . What 's up with the kitchen thing ? Tell me .
I 'll dig around on James and this Locust Fund , and you see what you can do about getting Winnie and me back together again . Well , I never guaranteed she 'd forgive you , Gordon . Why do n't we just start with her agreeing to have dinner with you first , huh ?
Dr. Fineman- - That question sucks , Your Honour . - It 's actually a good question .
What do I collect ? Charlie collects things from his life . You know , things that he finds germane to his lifestyle .
The market 's soft . Everybody reads the same news . I just got ta wait it out .
And I thought you felt the same way . I guess I was wrong . In the past few weeks , I 've seen how much trouble
It was all right , yeah . Did you not think much to it ? Oh , yeah .
20 years ago , when I was fucking 12 , taking swings at big men . I do n't know , I just do n't like people speaking about my dad , even in a nice way . I do n't even like people speaking about the war .
You asked for a story , he told it you . I 'll tell you a story if you do n't shut your mouth . All right , boys ?
What ? Do you not feel bad about Woody ? What do you mean , do I not feel bad about him ?
# Listen to what I say # Listen to what I say # Oh , give it to me one time # Huh
Do n't start . - I 'm just saying , a really good night . I know what sort of a bloody night it was .
What do you want me to do , Shaun ? I do n't know what to do . - We could move away .
# Lord knows # It would be the first time # Lord knows , it would be the first time
Problem with what , man ? Good to see you , Milk . Are you all right , mate ?
I 've been getting a drink . - You 've been gone an hour . - Look how pissed he is .
Five guns . Got it clear , now , Pete ? Not you , John .
It 's , er ... terms of reference for the investigation. `` Terms of reference ? '' What do you mean ? I do n't like open-ended inquiries .
What we feel ? This is my first Sunday off in three months . Is that your best fucking question , Mr Hunter ?
What have you got to tell me ? 'You have a date in Preston , Frenchwood Street . ' 'Tonight . '
Working late . ' 77 . There 's a lot to do . Yeah .
I hope that was n't a complete waste of your time . But BJ was very insistent . What exactly is your line of work , Mr Laws ?
Could I have a word ? What can I do for you , Mr Laws ? I 've a young man outside .
It still happened . 57 times he stabbed her . 77 , Mr Hunter ?
This is your mail . Still on the same side , Maurice ? Pete ...
Take care , Mr Hunter. `` Dear Bill , I warned you and Jack from the Post there 's a surprise waiting for you in Preston. `` Whores getting younger all the time .
Is that Elvis Presley ? Do n't they teach you any classical history at school these days ? That 's Gene Vincent .
Who 's shouting ? Did you or did you not try and sell my typewriter ? - How would you know ?
I 'm bored . - Only boring people get bored . Go on , off you go .
# Reasons to be cheerful One , two , three # Reasons to be cheerful , part three # Reasons to be cheerful , part three
Dad , Nebbish , Clot . I 'm going to disagree with Nigel . The real shock here is the whole Sex Pistols swearing on television , Bill Grundy being sacked , it all turning into some sort of moral panic .
# Reasons to be cheerful , part three # Reasons to be cheerful One , two , three Johnny !
It keeps you awake . Basically , speed won the Battle of Britain . They were flying very high , those boys .
Magnificent ! Trouble is , there 's no cure for it . Just like love .
# Reasons to be cheerful , part three # Reasons to be cheerful , part three # Reasons to be cheerful , part three
Tell him to shut that racket up ! # And I 'm doing very well ! # You should never hold a candle
That 's what football 's about . Trying to reach peaks and climaxes to our season , which we 're doing at the moment . We 're in a final , we 've got something in the bank for ourselves .
I 'd played 25 games the year before , I was the England right back at the time , and I got left out for the last three league games , and the cup final against Liverpool . It 's a strange situation to be in , because we shared a room , I phone home and say , '' I 'm playing . ''
And I was 21 , I think , at the time , 21 , 22 . And I remember literally falling into my dad 's arms , just ... And I ...
Be a bit in the middle of that , you know ? And help the new players , and young players . And then we 'd go back to training and he 'd still not bought any , he 's still not bought any .
And his management of people was brilliant like that . What I tried to get through to them was they were working class . They 're not working class , nowhere near working class .
`` you 're always clean-shaven . '' So from then on , I just learned , if I went out , I just would n't shave . ( LAUGHS )
That 's a family . That 's what you call a family . You do the same for your sons , your daughters , whatever ...
Then the neighbours tried to ban me . Tried to stop me playing and ... I think there was always arguments with my dad and the next-door neighbour about stopping me from playing .
That was my mindset straight away. `` We 're going to beat them in extra time . '' And the next minute and a half , I could n't even tell you what happened .
`` What 's he doing in Man United 's dressing room ? '' I 'd go in the changing room and I 'd help Norman pick up the dirty pants , dirty socks , the dirty shorts from the ... I was loving it .
The academy , young players was very important . Then we could see that it was a great generation , and we could hear the coaches and everybody . It was a great generation .
And to achieve in a way that people had n't done before . You always hope and think that things will happen again . But will there ever be a time where six lads who grew up from the age of 12 , 13 , come through and win a treble , having supported the club ?
I want you to call the police . I want you to tell them exactly what has been going on . Will you do that for me ?
I do not know why you put up with him . - He taught me the important things in life . - Really ?
You see , this stuff , It is going to take you on a dark , dark journey . In addition , you will know what it is to feel true fear .
I think we are close . Most of the estates around here have gangs . It seems Terry was on the edge of one of them .
He is ... He has told lots about you . Where is he ?
Why ? I think I took a picture of his brother in the school last week . Leave it .
Mr . Carver ! Mr . Carver , are you in there ? Mr . Carver !
Thank you . You look very nice yourself . Just call the police , Tom .
Not from the moment , you saw him . Thought it would save time . He is a good journalist .
Sorry about the crush . You forget I have been to a few of your exhibitions over the years . Actually , it is quite busy .
Then there were two of them . Then 20 minutes later there were four of them again . That house robbed that night .
I have given her something to help her sleep . I would not expect too much too soon . Thank you .
I think you could describe it like that . Why do you want to get involved ? I thought you were a watcher .
A poodle . They 'd wake me up all the time , Saturday mornings , you know singing Beatles songs to me , in harmony . The four of them .
Mom , it 's time . - Can this wait till we get home ? - Mom , pull over .
You would n't have to waste time with all these papers . I 'm not wasting my time . I enjoy doing this .
I never thought I 'd run into Alex again in the rest of my life , but ... I did , and unfortunately , it just kind of ... happened at the wrong time .
You are going to get me in so much trouble ! Simon Kirke from Bad Company is by the pool . Housekeeping .
Right , Jakie ? Besides , four-and-a-half is great in this market . Yeah , except I owe six to the bank .
It is with sorrow that I am writing this to you to request a divorce . Hopefully one without too much animosity . '' Okay .
We can hardly stand the wait Please , Christmas Do n't be late You wan na be Atticus Finch .
How about some margaritas at the deck bar ? And then how about a massage by the expert hands of a Kansas City farm boy ? If the client is not completely satisfied , she can return the massage to the massager .
I ca n't believe you did all this . - May I , with your permission ? - Of course .
What about Boo ? Boo Radley is the most interesting character in To Kill a Mockingbird . Boo Radley is the most interesting character in To Kill a Mockingbird .
Boo Radley is the most interesting character in To Kill a Mockingbird . Mom , tell me more about Livia . She killed everybody so her son Tiberius could inherit the throne -- like Nixon .
My name is Jacob Moore . I 'm gon na marry your daughter . Does she know that ?
I know you 've all heard of him . He 's got all the big bands , and he 's outside right now ... and he wants five minutes with you . And , well , I think we 've got ta do this .
Who told you to change partners ? Alex , you 're supposed to be with Steve , Mike with Kimberly . - And no head on chest .
Excuse me . Did n't we all get into this to avoid responsibility ? I ca n't say any more with the writer here .
Good , ' cause it 's gon na take me three days to get through this research . It 's all handwritten on little bits of paper . - It 's a puff-piece .
This is Alan Johnson . All the criminal charges are gon na be dropped . - That 's good .
At least I 'll have somebody to call 911 in case , god forbid , something happens to me in the middle of the night . Well , you move in with us . We 'll take care of you .
Can you go out ? She 's threatening to sue you ? What does she want ?
Look , there 's an attorney in my cigar club . He owes me a favor . We 'll let him read it first , all right ?
She wants me to spend the night . Well , Daddy 's had a long day at work and he 's finally finding some time to enjoy himself . Just have her come over here .
Do n't hang up . I ca n't really talk right now . I 'm in a room full of people .
Dad , give me the keys . This is my car and I drive . Give me the keys .
I guess , you know , you want your name on the door . Where 'd you learn how to drink fancy single-malt out of the bottle ? - They teach you that at law school ?
Fish . You 're gon na be on the cover of Rolling Stone . Are you serious ?
One day , Lipnick 's is gon na have all the magazine ads . I 'm not talking about that one . The one to the right of it .
and drinking little umbrella drinks . - They ca n't fire you over an illness . Yeah , well , they can certainly phase me out .
I care about him . Do n't try to manipulate me . I 'm an attorney , that 's my job .
I 've got a bunch of partial tickets . I know his ex-wife ... current-girlfriend thing is gon na be there . I 'm not sure that 's a good idea .
As a woman . Look , if I have this recurring dream where I 'm sitting on my couch and it turns into a big vat of rubber , what is that ? Why do n't you let me refer you to someone else ?
Well , the last game . - Hope it 's a good one . - Yep .
Okay . I think I will be at home ... with my girlfriend ...
How many years they gon na hold him back ? He looks like he 's 30 . First thing I do when I get in the Majors ... is bang one of those chicks on Desperate Housewives .
Respectfully . Why should we pay you for something we can do ourselves ? Do you know how to keep from getting charged ... for the ice below the floorboards at Chicago Stadium ?
You could say no . Who told you to change partners ? Alex , you 're supposed to be with Steve , Mike with Kimberly .
Back in your seat , Eric . This is a big game today . Let 's think baseball ?
I 'm serious . I need you to leave right now . Please .
This is our daughter Cherie . Nice to meet you , Dr. Fineman . Go to bed , sweetheart .
They had long brown hair except little Gina . She kept her hair short , you know . To be different from everybody .
So you 're saying you do n't have an out . No , I 'm saying , just give me one week . We 're still talking to the British .
We are now at the highest point there , 724 . That was the biggest loss we 've seen today . We 're now in historic territory .
With all due respect , Pete , the game 's changed . It 's so much bigger now . It 's global .
Who told you this Daniel Nudnick was qualified to do this ? You need to study six mon ... Yeah , yeah , yeah , I know .
# Right now , someone has that number # One more time , baby # 54-46 # Was my number # Was my number
I mean , I 've only got , like , one spliff left on me . I ca n't really give that away . - What were you after ?
# Yeah # Get your hands in the air , sir ! # Woo-hoo , yeah
# I said , yeah # I said , yeah # Listen to what I say # Listen to what I say # Oh , I said , hear me now # Yeah , yeah
# Oh , yeah # Let me tell you again # Louie , Louie
Stop swearing . There 's nothing wrong with them . - Your dad bought you them .
We 're giving that to them . There 's three and a half million unemployed out there . Three and a half million of us , who ca n't find fucking work .
Nice to meet you , Cynthia . Nice to meet you all . - See you in a bit , Shaun .
What a night . So , how many uncles have you got ? Erm ...
And I said some horrible things , Milk , and I 'm fucking sorry . You let me abuse him . And what did you do ?
Why ? Please , son , I want to talk to you . What ?
You can be there in , like , 15 minutes , if you get a move on now . You 're only a mile down the road . Are you joking ?
Just go . What about my Cola Cubes ? You 're not gon na get any .
Philip Evans , Regional Inspector of Constabulary for Yorkshire . Sir John Marsden , Chief Inspector of Constabulary . Michael Warren from the Home Office .
I 'm not taking questions on this . Did she bleed to death while officers failed to respond to calls from her flatmates ? How do you respond to suggestions that the so-called Yorkshire Ripper tape is a hoax ?
Well , if you could supply us with a liaison , that would be a great help . How 's your wife these days , Hunter ? She 's fine .
We 're working 24 hours a day , seven days a week , with limited time off . So if you can not commit , please say so now . I 'm in .
You 'll handpick your own officers , be based in Leeds and be answerable only to myself . And the Home Office , of course . Ask .
As of today , Detective Chief Superintendent Maurice Jobson will have sole responsibility for the hunt for this man . Would you comment on allegations that valuable time has already been lost on this investigation ? Was Laura Baines reported missing as early as ... ?
I want you to do 1974 , ' 75 and ' 76 . '76 was a very quiet one . That 's favouritism from the boss , I reckon .
And I do regret it . Well , that 's your problem , is n't it ? It still happened .
Philip ? I 've asked Pete Hunter to join us . I think he 's our man .
Really ? He lives in Fitzwilliam , does n't he ? Netherton Close .
And occasionally one 's behaviour makes one ashamed of oneself . Well , I 'm glad to hear it . Anyway , this Year of the Disabled ...
# The sons of the prophet were brave men and bold # And quite unaccustomed to fear # But the bravest by far in the ranks of the Shah
`` Home improvement expert `` Harold Hill of Harold Hill `` Came home to find another gentleman 's kippers in his grill
After all , you know what they say. `` The more interesting a man , the greyer his trousers . '' But they also say , '' You 're never alone with schizophrenia . ''
Dr Banner , you 're changing ! But with pain comes power ! Hulk is strong !
Okey dokey , yes . Well , it 's all very well saying you understand , but this is your son 's future we 're talking about . Mmm-hmm .
I just saw him going through , going through , keeping on going . I 'm thinking Scholes is coming in back post . Look at Scholesy , look at Scholesy .
Fans were coming over . They were on top of me and it 's just ... unbelievable . How many times are you going to see a goal like that in your lifetime ?
`` We 're going to beat them in extra time . '' And the next minute and a half , I could n't even tell you what happened . That 's an out-of-body experience , that .
COMMENTATOR : How many of these faces will we ever see in a Manchester United first team ? They had n't won it for such a long time .
You 're lying on the beach , having a good time , and it will just come back to you and it will ruin your day or ruin your afternoon ... Ca n't wait to get back . I remember I was on holiday , I think I was in Cyprus , and I pick up the paper and you see all these players are going , and you 're thinking , '' Wow , what 's going on here ? ''
I ca n't actually remember saying it . But it sounds like something that I would say . As soon as he said that , every day , we would stand outside his car , '' Are you ready , Becks ? ''
I used to miss an awful lot of school through cricket , and an awful lot of school in the winter through football . So , you know , my dad was always one of those that said , `` Well , let 's give him the best opportunities . ''
I missed a load of chances as well . - We had so many chances , did n't we ? - I had about four or five chances .
Yeah , with the Tottenham game it was the first game of three cup finals , that 's how we ... It 's 10 days , three games . You win them , history .
GIGGS : I ca n't remember a lot of , I do n't want to sound blase ' , but a lot of the games where we 've won trophies . You remember a lot more from the defeats .
You do the same for your sons , your daughters , whatever ... That 's exactly what we did at Manchester United . When things happen outside the club , it 's like everything just closes .
And do you know something , he wanted to be a star . He wanted to have leather in his car when we had cloth . He wanted to have the best speakers in his boot for the best music .
I probably should have came off . I was physically and mentally exhausted . It was such an emotionally charged evening that I just hit a brick wall .
You see . There is that Constant undercurrent . The feeling that at any point things could get out of control .
You have to come quick . You got to Come quick ! 50 Middleton Street .
Well , we will agree on that then . Did you get the flowers ? Shit , no .
Well . Can I . Can I get you a drink ? - No .
Any buyers ? I would n't show them if I did not think I could sell them . Can you give me these six ?
Took a statement . Said they 'll speak to her in more detail tomorrow . Did you speak to Penton ?
I would n't show them if I did not think I could sell them . Can you give me these six ? Well , they are not doing anything else .
Yeah . The one that was in the papers . Not last year .
Perceptive . Well , it is not that late . Where she mean to be ?
It is so difficult to pin anything on . However , the scary thing is ... That these kids ... and that 's all they are ... they are just babies .
Yes . How do you think he got that burn mark . Accident .
That as real as it gets . - That is as real as it gets . Yeah .
But you survived . - I a little bit scarred . - We all a little bit scarred .
Where were you , at Charlie 's ? You know what the whole problem is ? This whole Charlie problem ?
You 're a quality associate . Now I 'm a quality associate , I see . I 've worked longer and harder than anyone in that office .
I 'm the music editor at Rolling Stone magazine . We got a couple copies of your stories from the San Diego Door . - Is this the same William Miller ?
Earth to losers ? I 'm trying to do my visualizing . I 'm hitting homers , I 'm signing endorsement deals , I 'm banging chicks .
Thank you , Jacob . I 'll talk to you soon . There is carnage on Wall Street .
Here we go . - Thank you , my good man . - And we never met .
You know ? That 's more than I 've ever even said to my own parents . So there you go .
His case was on appeal . I 'd go and sit with him . We 'd eat ice cream .
One more ! Go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go ! If your flight was at 3 o'clock I could 've dropped you off at the airport .
What do you want from me ? Dylan is not really of a sound mind to listen to me , so ... I was wondering if you could talk to her and get her to sign these papers .
I interviewed hundreds of couples , and all it takes is a couple of idiots in the audience to make it all seem like a joke ! And you seem to have no opinion about it . Well , if it 's one thing I 've learned from you , it 's when to keep my mouth shut .
His name is Dennis Hope . I know you 've all heard of him . He 's got all the big bands , and he 's outside right now ... and he wants five minutes with you .
She 's creeping me out . She 's not with any of you guys , is she ? - Yeah , she 's with me .
I thought we had fun last quarter , did n't you ? What , you do n't want to ? No , I do .
All right , listen . We 're gon na try and land in Tupelo . - We found a field to land in .
It was no fun having doors slammed in my face , getting the evil eye on the street , being spat upon , punched in the face , and told I am a horrible person for deserting my pregnant wife . This little ... event was not my idea . It all happened because Dylan slipped a little clause in our prenup ... a clause I never bothered to read .
Ooh Home is where I want to be Pick me up and turn me round
Let 's just ride on down to Greenville . We 'll listen to some great music . We 'll finish the tour ... and then we 'll leave those ungrateful fools behind .
Miss Penny Lane . Oh , thank you , thank you . Act One , in which she pretends she does n't care ... about him .
Stand right over there . Would you please welcome ... from Troy , Michigan -- Stillwater !
Let me get the blowjob . - Let me see that woman . - Oh , you 're playful now ?
How long ? As long as it takes . What are you doing ?
He 's a pioneer . They might just solve this thing . It could change the world .
We have a young man outside of our shul but with a great deal of love in his heart , who has come here today to express his love and admiration for our religion . He wants to be converted in the most traditional way ... with our oldest ritual , the bris . Rabbi .
It 's horrible . I mean , his wife , his three daughters . This guy used to be a dentist .
Go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go ! If your flight was at 3 o'clock I could 've dropped you off at the airport . I know , I know .
Christmas , Christmas time is near Time for toys and time for cheer We 've been good but we ca n't last
Okay . We have to talk about getting a cell phone . This morning , you said we could talk about it tonight .
You mean your eyes . I told you it was n't a proper conversion . Why would you let that bastard live in your place ?
You 've got to help me , okay ? - Here 's the thing about Russell . He 's my last project .
I 'll take you home . You trying to starve me to death ? Come on , let 's go get something to eat .
You know what ? Jeremy was even kind enough to buy concert tickets . Yes .
We came here to watch baseball . We did n't come here to ... Talk .
What 's up with that ? What else could you do besides veneers ? No , no .
Get out before I have a heart attack trying to kill you . I think I 'd like to see that . Enough !
Talk about things I do n't wan na talk about . Well , for the last few weeks , you 've been saying you were getting ready ... - ... to talk about some of those-
Hi , hubby . You 're jet-lagged like you went to Europe or something . Look at that picture there .
So when I got hot in the ' 80s , and I started giving tastes to my friends , I did n't invite James in , and he did n't like that very much . So ?
Well , you kept pestering me about getting up on the horse . And the horse ran off , right out over center field . I thought it was gon na go through the center field fence .
I 'm not a pole dancer . What you doing with hot dogs ? I could n't hold out any longer .
We are not passing on him , Vince . Last time I checked , that 's my decision . Yes .
Play ball ! Pack up and get you back to Atlanta . For sure .
Hey , Charlie you do n't mind if Donna stays and has some pizza , right ? Oh , yeah , she can stay . - There 's some plates in the kitchen .
Selling this to Congress is the problem . They 're going to want to know where the money 's going . They 'll jawbone this to death .
Until I ran into a single mom with five kids who asked me a question . She said , '' What if Dylan had instigated the divorce ? Would she have to go through the same hell ? ''
Eh ? - Take what you want and go . Shut up !
I 'm late for work . There 's something for you in the glove box . A box .
You wan na give it a crack ? This can be a beautiful thing . - Oh , my God .
I 'm not saying that . Do you not feel bad about just leaving him like that ? - He 's been our mate for ...
Other stuff ? What other stuff have you possibly got to say to me ? Could I just have fucking two minutes with you ?
My name is Harvey . You 're drawing a fine line . You 're drawing a fine line .
So I hit her again . She was wearing very strong and cheap perfume . Then I pushed a piece of wood up her vagina to show how disgusting she was .
Do n't waste any time , do they ? Sorry there 's no red carpet . Did n't expect one .
She had very severe head injuries . Other injuries which I do n't wish to elaborate on at this time . Teeth marks left on her body gave police the valuable information ...
I was worried about you . I do n't want to talk about it , Peter . I went to see Mrs Hall .
On you go . Eric was a suspect on the Clare Strachan murder , was n't he ? Yeah .
I mean , that 's very rare . But initially you did n't think it was the same man . At the start , the only links we had was that they were all slags .
From hell . '' This letter was received at the offices of the Telegraph Argus , 13th June 1977 . Helen ?
You came and you went . And no-one else asked questions . My wife had a miscarriage .
No , he knocked seven tons of shit out of me . There was an orderly here by the name of Hargreaves . Is he still going ?
Well , that 's my hand . From now until forever , I will always be there . Just above your shoulder .
# Here 's a little bit of advice # You 're quite welcome , it is free # Do n't do nothing that is cut price
Ian used to be a student here a few years back . And everyone 's very excited about you being here , are n't we ? Well , thank you very much .
Your door 's unlocked . Mum 's putting the kettle on . Nice .
# Reasons to be cheerful , part three # Reasons to be cheerful One , two , three # Yes , yes , dear , dear
Oh , well , that all depends on where I 'm touching them , does n't it ? Well , is it possible to maintain a uniqueness , do you think ? Well , we 're all unique , are n't we ?
Dear Jemima , I 've been working with a man called Chaz . If we do well , we will have disgusting ice cream . If we do n't , we will cry .
Leave him alone , Ian . - Just jump in , it 's the only way . - No , I do n't wan na .
It 's the worst gig we 've ever played since Sidcup Crematorium . But we 'd like to finish anyway with a song called Blackmail Man . - One !
Once that first goal went in . I missed the winning goal . I was just slumped on my seat .
It 's at the back of their mind that , '' They always come back , these . '' That season , the Liverpool game , we knew we 'd score late , - the opposition knew we 'd score late .
But it was a big old industrial dryer , as well . I think that 's what brought his asthma on . The nightclub scene was the best .
COMMENTATOR : Manchester United were the first English club to lift the European Cup , but no Manchester United team , no English team , has ever won this treble . History beckons tonight .
The team spirit has been fantastic since beating Liverpool in the cup tie . Sort of a focus on the essential of never giving in , and team spirit , and determination . I was completely on my arse , and I had to sell my Lambretta .
The twin towers at Wembley , the ... Just the full day , I think , getting up from 9 : 00 in the morning , whoever is playing in it , it was just the biggest day of the football year for me . It was the biggest thing in my eyes as a kid , was the FA Cup final , and trying to think about being able to be involved in one , or a couple of them , was just something you 'd laugh about as a kid .
For Ferguson , it was important . The academy , young players was very important . Then we could see that it was a great generation , and we could hear the coaches and everybody .
And you heard a little ... ( MIMICS SIZZLE ) like that as well . And we 're just looking in absolute disbelief , and ca n't believe what he 's done . And all I hear is ... ( GROANS )
This long period of individuality , of selfishness , there 's no such thing as society . That led inexorably to us wanting to re-establish a sense of idealism . Seventeen years of hurt never stopped us dreaming .
What happened at The Cliff when we was kids was the old apprentices , or the first-year pro , would always , you know ... ( CLEARS THROAT ) ... get hold of the first-year apprentices , which was us , do all sorts . Most of the things are unspeakable . It was the end of that era where it was just the done thing .
No , you know , you ... You were the one he wanted To make notice him . All those dead-end jobs , Tom .
We lived just off the end of the estate there . Well , he was a good few years older than you , so maybe not . - I know how you feel .
A real heart breaker . Find the people that did this to my boy . Will you do that for me , Ed ?
You never used to be like this . This was not the way you described it in the beginning . It was not ...
Jim Morrison nearly blew my bollocks off . To good living , the ultimate revenge . You are good , Tom , but ,
Put me off reading for life . Tom , why am I only getting to meet Christina after so long ? I do not know .
I saw a number of your stills In an old gallery brochure . And thought the work Was incredibly atmospheric , and I 'd be very interested In showing your work . My number is 0207-843-3582 .
Well , if you find him ... - We will want to speak with him . About his whereabouts last night .
We will want to speak with him . About his whereabouts last night . Definitely .
Ideally we 'd like to get this all tied up by the weekend . So that we can take the package to Oliver on Monday . So , if you could give me a call .
Thank you . I saw your piece on the ... On the gang , Under-Fives .
He would have been 16 this year . However , he killed last year . Hit and run .
Yeah . Could n't work that one out for yourself ? Well , I could , however , I had Ed .
You were the one he wanted To make notice him . All those dead-end jobs , Tom . I thought you did Them to escape .
Listen . I was sorry to hear about your brother . I lost my son a year ago about , so .
Eventually it came out , though . He grew up two towns away from where I grew up . We used to go to the same White Castle .
How many ? - Quit looking at me like that . - You think you can fool me .
What are you doing , boy ? I 'm here , doing the same thing you are . I 'm scouting for the Red Sox .
Connecting To places we have known I 'm looking for a home
Get several . And get a new dentist too . You got ta get out of here , Miss Remar .
The one to the right of it . That magazine went out of business . They 're gon na be gone within a month .
And you know it ! I n eleven years , it 's gon na be 1 984 , man . Think about that !
... Mr. Jewish groom . And Ketubah is just one page . This is way more than one page .
Come on . Just let us talk to her for like one minute . 'Fraid I ca n't .
I 'm flying to New York myself . I 've got a bunch of partial tickets . I know his ex-wife ... current-girlfriend thing is gon na be there .
Right . So , how well do you guys know each other ? Call me if you need a rescue .
Pick me up and turn me round I feel numb Born with a weak heart I guess I must be having fun
How can you tell ? I 'm just one of the out-of-focus guys . Here .
I do n't know what to say . Days are just going by out here . You 're flipping out .
I do n't even know your real name . If I ever met a man in the real world ... who looked at me the way you just looked at me -- When and where does this '' real world '' occur ?
I just got to put you at another table . It 's got to look like an accident . I like trading with you , Jake .
It was very , very hard . We wanted to give them to him . And what happened when you showed him the photos ?
Look , these big-player types , to them , this is all just a game . Why else would they go and do business on a golf course ? - Can you help me ?
Does n't sound like my father . That sounds like a compliment . Well , he said it .
Then why ? Because you destroyed my firm . Your firm destroyed itself .
Even Sapphire went someplace else . All she left was her Quaaludes . Oh , wonderful .
You gon na fix me ? No , look , I was out for a nice afternoon , I ran into my old friend- Oh , bullshit .
I just want to say I have the highest regard for you and Elaine . I think Dylan is a wonderful , wonderful woman . I truly love her .
Russell ! So , what is it you love about music ? Shut that thing off for a second and I 'll tell you the truth , all right ?
Learn to walk away ? Is n't that what you said ? Yeah , well , I did .
Autographs ? You 've been gone a while . I guess so .
No . Dad , give me the keys . This is my car and I drive .
I ca n't do this . I got ta work in the morning . Yeah , so you 'll work , you 'll be tired .
Mazel Tov ! All right , now listen up ! Now ...
And not a dime more . We have breaking news right now . Earlier this morning in a New York City subway ,
Just doing my homework , that 's all . Gus , did you ever think in a million years computers would be a part of this game ? Computers ?
You never tried . I 'm just a broken-down old man . And you ought to get as far away from me as you can .
That kid ca n't hit a curve . Gus , now that we 're all aware of your condition ... I ca n't help but ask , how could you tell ?
Their art never lasts . They get the girls , but we 're smarter . - Yeah , I can really see that now .
You ... How do you sign this thing without giving it to me first ? All right .
In the back ! - Hope the shoes are off . - Shoes are off .
Are you having fun ? To tell you the truth , I kind of am , Johnson . It 's nice to see you in the soup like this .
On the other hand he might just need to find his own way . The fact is you 're correct . You are the closest thing he has to family .
Nothing . It was just a long time ago , that 's all . - Here , I got it .
He looked gutted , Combo . I know , I feel bad , as well , but ... Oh , fucking hell , let 's face it .
Where are we going ? I 'll get you a good seat . Woo !
Come here , you . Any time , day or night . Oh , oh !
I 'm not a dad , am I ? I know you had a good dad , like , but , be honest with me , what do you really think makes a bad dad , though ? I do n't know , man .
What can I do for you , Mr Laws ? I 've a young man outside . He 's an unsettled lad , but he 's desperate to speak to you .
'Eddie settled his score and then we saw him leave . 'And then BJ and Clare'saw what came after . ' Kill the cunts !
No kids . No-one would cover up for him , what he 's done . She does n't think she is doing .
Eh ? It 'd be a great help if you could . Er ...
You did n't tell him he was going . I 've arranged a nice dinner for this evening . We 'll talk things over then .
Ladies and gentlemen , last night , an emergency meeting of the West Yorkshire Police Committee was called in light of the confirmation of Laura Baines as the 13th victim of the Yorkshire Ripper . I would like to announce a number of internal operational changes . How about your resignation ?
Dirty fucking Ripper ! He 's found peace , Mrs Hunter . Peace at last .
Your wife left a message . She wants to know if you 're coming home for dinner tonight . Thank you .
Fucking Strang , Strang . Now we get on with the show . Right .
# Too short to be haughty , too nutty to be naughty # Going on 40 , no electric shocks # The juice of the carrot , the smile of the parrot
The walkie-talkies ! It 's a war cry type of item , like '' Spartacus ! '' Yes , well , if I remember correctly , Spartacus was crucified .
Is that all ? - It 's been a slow week . - Ian ?
By who ? I told him not to retaliate . You do n't wan na do that .
Oi , sling your hook . Just pay up what was agreed . I did n't agree to a bunch of spazzers from the mental home .
What a palaver . Dear Jemima , I 've been working with a man called Chaz . If we do well , we will have disgusting ice cream .
I did n't agree to a bunch of spazzers from the mental home . You see , that 's just not a very spiritual thing to say ! Well , have a look at your drummer !
Big round of applause for my son . Baxter Front , I like to call him . Listen , we have n't tried this one before .
I prefer being a lurker , 'cause I like being naughty . Paul McCartney says when he gets recognised , he just walks brusquely away . Well , if I walk brusquely away , I fall over and down I go a-tumble .
Some whispered , '' Oh , it might be better after all. `` I mean , what sort of quality of life ? '' A cripple ?
All right . What colour for the walls ? Would you say white ?
The trick is always buy when you 're strong . So he needs to buy players . You ca n't win anything with kids .
`` we 'll look after you , everyone 's supporting , `` do n't even worry about anything. `` Go away , have a few weeks holiday , get some rest ,
And he would go mad . Because we 'd got our football boots on , so we 're dirtying his car . And he 's , '' Lads , lads , do n't scuff the leather , whatever you do . ''
It was just a hoof down the channel , and Coley just dinked it over . And then it 's 2-1 , and you 're thinking , '' Right , we 're at it . '' But then we were hanging on towards the end because we just ...
I think everyone that looks at us , they all think about ... Obviously us , but the team in general , about how we 've won everything and done this , but if you think about it , our baptism was we lost the league on the Saturday ... - West Ham .
And then we 'd go back to training and he 'd still not bought any , he 's still not bought any . And before you know it , we were playing Aston Villa the first clay of the year , and we was all in the team . After the first half an hour or something , we were 3-nil down .
I got a bit of a roasting at half time , I remember , for that game. `` How many chances do you want to score here ? '' Nothing was going right for us .
Phil Neville was a player we were all after . I think Arsenal and a couple of ... But we were clever enough to say , '' Right , if we take Gary , ''
But , I think all things considered , you play the long game with Manchester United Football Club and these people ended up getting knocked off their perches . I remember , ' 99 season , January , Liverpool . - The FA Cup ?
And it stopped . Having coaches like Nobby that had done what he 'd done in football , and then moving up to having someone like Eric , and having the manager around us all the time , playing at The Cliff like we played , and then having players like Bryan Robson come in to the A team and playing games like that ,
And I battered the door and I says , '' Get that bloody door open . '' I threw everybody out the place . And I 'm literally in his eyeline .
You know , you can just imagine it , that 's what they were like from an early age . They were just all about the focus , and it worked . GIGGS :
I am so sorry it ended like this . Did not hear you coming in . You all right ?
Endless possibilities there . You should have been there last month . Jim Morrison nearly blew my bollocks off .
Can you get somebody ? Can you get my mum ? Please ...
Want some of this . No , it is not even 11 : 00 ! It is Saturday !
You did not know my son . He had a burn mark on the right side of his chest . Yes .
We drove it up to the petrol station , by the wasteland , Where Stevie wanted to play dodgems . Where one of us .
Whenever there was A pause , a silence , my thoughts would just Drift towards him . He was always the first thing That came into my head . Sometimes the only thing .
Walk away . - Did n't think you would show . - Said I would .
I do not need that . I do not need people licking my face . That is where you and me differ .
I 'm the director of the Zodiac gallery in Hoxton . I saw a number of your stills In an old gallery brochure . And thought the work Was incredibly atmospheric , and I 'd be very interested In showing your work .
It is no trouble . She is just got a bit of an infection . I will ...
New York One has gotten evidence of a credible terror threat and New York City may be a target . As a result , the terror-alert status has been raised . City officials are beefing up security on our subways , buses and airports .
I do not believe it ! The Yankees win the game ! What a weirdo .
No more than four days ... and I want you to give me a phone number where you are . I want you to call me twice a day , and you do not miss more than one test ! And no drugs .
And we like to get a little crazy every now and then , especially this one . Go on , get out of here . - That was a little excessive .
Me too . I 'll see you in L.A. ? - Dude , you look like shit .
That 's the missing 1 5th . An early sketch for Saturn devouring his son . Do you collect ?
I just want you to know , there 's no hard feelings on this . No one 's going to lose . With Clark in , I think we 're in good shape .
According to the prenuptial agreement , it is incumbent upon the person who initiated the divorce to invite all of those who attended the original wedding ... minus 10 percent . Mr. Christian has done this successfully . As decreed in the prenuptial agreement ,
Yeah , yeah , and it gets better . - Did this all really happen ? - I 'll call and check the quotes .
Oh , my gosh . She sounds like just like my ex-husband . He never wanted to let me go , either .
We were just catching up on things , you know , doing the whole P.R . game with her , her what a great franchise Lipnick 's is gon na be . Five days is a long time to talk . Did she tell you why she went missing prom night ?
I brought you these ... to congratulate you on Delilah 's graduation . - How nice of you to remember . - Where is our beautiful Delilah ?
Use me . Darryl says that you use knowledge to keep me down . He says I 'm a '' yes '' person ... and you are trying to raise us in a '' no '' environment .
It 's no fun anymore , Jacob . I 'm talking to some guy in Mumbai , Dumbai . I do n't know what he 's talking about .
We are friends . That 's why I ca n't pretend I do n't know anything about you . Is that a threat , though , to not be friends ?
On that note , I know you guys ca n't afford a 15 % finder 's fee , so figured I 'd make it 10 % ? 5 % is industry standard .
Damn it , I 'm gon na enjoy this . When I first bought the magazine ... the Beatles were on the cover . The Beatles .
No way . Hey , man , I 'd travel on a pogo stick if I thought we could make more money . You could play more dates with a plane .
Gordon the Gekko . He 's speaking next week up at your old alma mater , Fordham . Watch yourself .
Yeah . I do n't do anything like that . Lot of girls here , Charlie .
I 'm sorry , I 'm just ... I 'm really busy right now . I appreciate your time , Mickey .
Go ahead . I do n't know what happened . My CFO says the money has n't arrived yet .
You could play more dates with a plane . Well , it 's not about money . It 's about playing music and turning people on .
This is like a marathon , man . It 'll go till 5 in the morning . I can't-
She says , '' No , that 's the name for a Jewish ceremony which is for a divorce . '' And he says , '' Oh , I understand . In other words , you mean like a bris . ''
Draft 's in nine days . I do n't want any surprises . You 're talking about one of the best scouts 's ever seen .
No need to rush back . You can take off the rest of the week . Excuse me ?
Good . Let me ask you something . Most married men have hobbies .
Why not just give us the answer right now . I wish I could , but she 's heading to the airport right now . Is that your C.E.O . right there ?
I 'm afraid I do . I 'm not sure , but there are indications of macular degeneration ... or maybe glaucoma . Or maybe nothing .
There 's money to be made . So I brought a plane in . We could add more shows to make up the difference .
She got that from me . Jenny wanted to join a tournament , so I signed her up and we went . And that photograph that 's you and her at a chess tournament together ?
Yep . - They 're ready for you , Miss Lobel . - Thank you .
Recently , I 've come through a rotten divorce . I was married for 10 years . My husband was having an affair for five of them .
I can wait . How long do you think ? I 'm afraid it may never happen .
My only sunshine . You make me happy When skies are gray . My dad used to sing that when ...
Okay . A great pitcher at one time , that kid . Yeah .
What 's her name ? Okay , sweetheart , sit up , sit up , sit up , sit up . - Good girl .
All right ? They 've given up so much to give me a better life . And what do I do in return ?
He lived with an aunt before college . I met her a couple of times . She passed just before the wedding .
You left it all in ruins . But no matter how much money you make , you 'll never be rich . See , that 's what you never got , kid .
So , with the world energy demand growing 40 % in the next 20 years , we at Church believe , Mr. Xu , that Babaco Solar is a cutting-edge no-brainer . Good for a 20 % return in the next two years with a 30 to 40 % upside in the next five years . Thank you , Miss Carol .
Hey . Get her a ring , for Christ 's sake ! How are you , Bill ?
No , it 's not me . She said no ... no to the divorce ... not now , not ever .
It 's just ... My little man , here , wanted to surprise you on your birthday and all that . Happy birthday , Smell .
Yeah , you bought it . But what did you think to the other night ? Yeah .
Milky ! Milky , man , are you all right ? Shut up !
I am hungry , yeah . There should be a barbecue or something . Buffet food ...
That fucking kid 's dad died for this fucking country . What have you fucking done for it ? Fuck all , but take fucking jobs off decent people .
# Where we do n't belong # Living in darkness to hide our wrong ... # You and me ...
Look . Look at all these people in here . This is right .
# 54-46 # Was my number # Was my number # Right now , someone has got that number
No . I did n't think you did . Did you buy it ?
Me . What have you done to his hair ? I ...
She 's been dead three years . Oh , I 'm aware of that . How did you know her ?
Peace at last . 'At approximately 4pm yesterday evening , Hazel Atkins disappeared'on her way home from Morley Grange Junior and Infants . ' Ca n't blame my boy for that , can they ?
I 've got to admit to the public that we 've not been successful up to now . Hundreds of people are now writing in with information . Mail is arriving by the sackfull .
So there 's no truth that those murders are linked to the recent murder of ex-policeman Thomas Douglas and his daughter ? Absolutely not .
If I get up in the middle of the night , I ca n't help thinking about you . I feel that I really know you .
Thank you . You made your mind up pretty quickly about doing the job . Not something I felt I could refuse .
It 's nothing . We all need a break , Pete . It 's Christmas , is n't it ?
They never learn , do they , George ? I bet you 've warned them , but they never listen . Your voice is almost sad .
Why ? You do n't get out as much as you 'd like to , right ? Obviously .
I think he 's under a lot of pressure . It 's become a personal vendetta . Ca n't have that .
Why you ? That 's what you want to know , is n't it ? OK , sir .
What 's your point ? My point is , who 's in , who 's out , and who decides ? So we go through every unsolved murder in Yorkshire and tell you why or why they 're not Ripper cases ?
All the colours have gone . Wanted the world to go away , too . It almost did .
Incredible Hulk does n't swear , does he ? - He 's got a moral compass . - That 's right .
Why do n't you come over tomorrow , hey ? After all , you know what they say. `` The more interesting a man , the greyer his trousers . ''
No , no , no . He needs you at the moment . Look , I 'm on the verge of something , things are happening .
# Blue Gene baby Now , there are a couple of ways to avoid death . And one of them is to be magnificent .
# In the deserts of Sudan # And the gardens of Japan # From Milan to Yucatán
# Wee Willie Harris # Bantu Stephen Biko , listening to Rico Harpo , Groucho , Chico # Cheddar cheese and pickle the Vincent motorsickle
# So long have I been languished on the shelf # I must give all proceedings to myself # I 'm Spasticus , Spasticus Spasticus Autisticus
The football was so good , I think . It was just so enjoyable to play in that . We 'd be winning four , five , six-nil most weeks .
# When you 're singing with one United voice # You 're letting us know We have no choice # But to carry on Our winning ways #
Gary was the leader , because if you saw Gary doing something different on the pitch , after training , it had me thinking , '' Well , if he 's doing it , I need to be doing something . '' You know , he was the captain of the team . So he always took on the mantle of looking after everyone .
United already committed to two games a week between now and the end of May , or they are if they 're to keep thinking about a treble . And let 's not forget the double 's still on for Arsenal . Something 's got to give here .
And that was a really tough game . But I mean , that was the biggest relief I 've ever had in my life , to come off that field winners of the Youth Cup , you know , and see them lifting the Youth Cup . It was sensational .
I grew up in Bury . Lived in a terraced house opposite a park . All I remember about being a kid is playing football , playing cricket at the cricket club .
What he demands of you , what demands he puts on you . If you think , '' We will get one more chance '' , you get one more chance Might not score , but we will get one more chance .
Again . I always remember the goals I give away , me . There 's that many of them , though , are n't there ?
If you think the population of Greater Manchester at that time was six million . When I left Aberdeen , the population of Scotland at that time was three and a half million people , and we had 17 scouts in Aberdeen . And I 'm not exaggerating , within a month he trebled the scouting system at Manchester United , and that 's when we started getting the players .
Minors . It is so difficult to pin anything on . However , the scary thing is ...
Yeah . I think you could describe it like that . Why do you want to get involved ?
You caught shit through a letterbox . Abusive calls , a mutilated cat ... You call that '' pranks '' .
This is his last School photograph . It is the most recent one I have got . Thank you .
Most of the witnesses Thought nothing about it . A second later , They look around , He has slumped on the ground Holding his stomach .
What did you expect ? Well , I hope he was happy . I hope we did enough .
They hugely impressed me . However , if you like the design , you have to see when she fits all the costumes and everything . It is ...
Looking in Vanity Fair . But if you get a glimpse of the Teachers ' union monthly journal , Well ,
Sucker for punishment . So ... how is work going for you ? Good .
I lost my son a year ago about , so . You might have known him . Steven Carver .
I mean , how much shit has that led young men ? Well , it never used to be like that . Yes .
I do not want it . Well , you still want those slides to show your class . Who is your friend ?
Could n't work that one out for yourself ? Well , I could , however , I had Ed . You know ?
I am telling you , it is he . If you do not believe me , Look . You know , you should hand those to Penton .
Okay . I would leave anything else until tomorrow . She is still very fragile .
Yeah . What do you think , Charlie ? I just wan na stay here .
You have it , Jacob . I do n't have it , and I would n't give it to you if I did have it . What am I supposed to do ?
I 'll be back later , though , to pick up Delilah . She does n't know it yet , but ... I got her tickets to see the symphony at the Hollywood bowl .
We want her around , like last summer . Say it just like that . - Got it .
I do n't wan na be that guy . I do n't know if anything I said even makes any sense , but ... Alan , just come home .
We 're down 260 , literally in a split second . Right now , the Dow Jones Industrial Average is now 500 points on the decline . The headline of the new housing report is grim that this is shaping up to be the worst real estate market in a generation .
Who the fuck is this , Brad ? - Honey , I have no idea . I swear to god , I do n't even know who this idiot is .
What 's the problem ? I subscribe to the magazine . Fish .
All right , now ... Those of you who had sex with the groom ! Somebody got to be in with the groom !
Well , I live in the Fairfax district . I 'm guessing you 're more of a Beverly Hills , Malibu girl . So , Alex Birch now ?
Give me the Guess Who . They got the courage to be drunken buffoons . Which makes them poetic !
Let me try and get you a thousand more words . Now , it 's in consideration for the cover ... but do n't tell the band . The cover of Rolling Stone magazine .
But I 'm not joining anything else . So , how many guests so far ? Our side , we 're at 200 , plus you added 49 , including the stock-market janitors ?
This is n't on your play list either . - Is n't it a bit early for that ? - Not for me .
Just ... just that there 's apparently a misunderstanding . Is there someone else that I can talk to , like how about the driver ? - I mean , he must know her plans .
Scientists will tell you it was unprecedented , it happened in a flash . And from it , suddenly the world had millions of new species . I 'd love a coffee .
Hey , cowboy . - You the manager of this band ? - That and more !
Break it up . Everyone out of the room for five minutes . Hey !
I went ... I went over and looked in ... and there you were with this guy . He had his hand down the back of your shirt .
I got a pizza coming . Could you just send it up ? Yeah , yeah , we 'll send it up .
I memorized a face so it 's not forgotten I hear the wind whistlin ' Come back anytime
I left you a nice tip today . Oh , Leo , you do n't have to do that . Thank you .
I got ta go . Well , I guess we were lucky we were n't on the road at the time . She was 13 years old and she was going to her first dance ... and she came in the room and asked me what I thought of her outfit .
It should have been there before the Fedwire closed at 6 : 00 . Well , maybe there 's been some sort of mistake . It was a large amount .
Always been . Am retired , and I 'm tired . - Jane Abbott .
It 's Johnson . Charlie , you seriously do n't remember me ? - We were college roommates ?
I could go with the Stillwater road crew but that would be pathetic ... and the girls are all going with Humble Pie . So , if you could find out from Russell -- Forget it .
Gus Lobel can do the job . If he proves me wrong , I 'll take full responsibility . Until then , let 's just worry about the guys on the field .
Keep that . Mr. Lobel , did you mean to give me 50 ? No , no , I was just ...
She did ? - But it 's really gon na look fantastic . The band just denied 90 percent of the story .
How about 50 in 3 years ? What would be the terms ? If you can stay , we can work out the details over the next few days .
Safe . This makes me nervous , Johnny . Are you sure they 're passing ?
What ? He 's gon na take the case from here , so , look , enjoy a few more days . - Come back rested .
I am a college professor . Why ca n't I teach my own kids ? Use me .
I got ta work in the morning . Yeah , so you 'll work , you 'll be tired . So what ?
Damn . I mean , is n't this exactly like what it was the last time ? Woman falls for you , you lead them along-
It 's your money . It 's $ 100 million of your money . Do you know what that means ?
Where even my grandson can spend money . Do you have anything else to present to us today ? We 've come a long way .
I 'm sorry about not being around here lately . But I been working a lot and ... Your little girl ... you 'd really be proud of her .
Order up ! You need some money for some new clothes ? I just came from yoga .
In preparation for our departure today ... we 'd like to ask , please , that you extinguish all flammable items ... and do return all seats and tray tables to their full -- May I have your attention , please ? ... that your seatbelts are securely fastened .
This is n't one of those things that you can just put on paper . Well , I guess that 's my answer . You ...
Well , thank you for seeing me . Did I have a choice , Miss Remar ? I mean ...
They got marble tops . - Charlie , my father just died . Yeah , yeah , I know .
Every week , you try to make me do it again . What do I try to make you do , Charlie ? Talk about things I do n't wan na talk about .
What about fusion ? We happen to be working with a company right now . It 's got all the hardware in place .
It 's just a couple more days . Mickey , I 'm sorry about your father , but the client will be here next Thursday . - It 's imperative that you 're here to present .
I 'm committed . I need your answer ... yes or no ? Oh , my god .
A really good man . A cup of tea for the boys there , Banj . Few Pot Noodles or something .
I 'll sort it , I promise you . I just feel really bad . He looked gutted , Combo .
# And pretty soon it 's gon na burn your temples down # While the heads of state are having their fun # Are they ready ?
Argh ! There 's a disco today , Harvey . But you wo n't be going .
Of course , man . A good mum and dad . Yeah , I ca n't knock ' em at all .
It 's non-uniform day , Mum . What do you want me to do , Shaun ? I do n't know what to do .
I know what it 's like . To have people walk out on you . To have people just fucking leave you .
OK , thank you . ' .. of the man they would like to question in connection with the killing . ' Pete .
' '' You ca n't trust anyone these days . '' ' Clare was just so tired of running . This is where she ended up .
John , me and you 'll head over first thing . Helen , we 'll meet you in Leeds Tuesday morning , nine sharp . Do they know we 're coming ?
With you ? I do n't think I will . We 'll catch our Ripper , not you , Mr Hunter .
She was a barmaid . There were bad men there- John Dawson , policemen- Bob Craven , Tommy Douglas .
'She seemed to be looking at me . So I did the strangest thing , ' I stabbed her in the eye .
I think he 's our man . He 's Assistant Chief Constable of the Greater Manchester force . Married , no children .
Yeah , like you did n't know . Strachan was in and out for quite some time , was n't she ? Initially , yeah .
I thought she would be . Are you going back to Manchester ? How does it feel , Mr Hudson ?
There 'll be a press conference tomorrow . Harold Angus will tell them Bill Molloy 's out . Now , there have been calls for outside help , a fresh perspective and so on .
Resign ! As of today , Detective Chief Superintendent Maurice Jobson will have sole responsibility for the hunt for this man . Would you comment on allegations that valuable time has already been lost on this investigation ?
Monday week , if we 're allowed to . They 're talking about bringing another force in . I do n't even care .
# Going on 40 , no electric shocks # The juice of the carrot , the smile of the parrot # A little drop of claret , anything that rocks
I 'm terribly sorry . Will you excuse me , please ? - Bandit !
I 'm trying to watch a movie . - Chaz , you 're standing in my way . - I 've got to get the guitar .
# And thank the Creator you 're not in the state I 'm in # So long have I been languished on the shelf # I must give all proceedings to myself
Snotty old maggot , she is . Put on the kettle , will you ? Ta .
We 're going to have to switch places'cause I 'm struggling to undo your buttons here with my dodgy left hand . Or you can do it , I do n't mind . # I come awake
Shake my hand . You 're only five steps away from greatness . - Stiff ?
Beautiful . You do that one , I 'll do this one . Get this underneath .
I mean , these boys are the future . They 're the voice of a young generation . Fucking Sex Pistols .
`` do n't even worry about anything. `` Go away , have a few weeks holiday , get some rest , `` but when you come back to Manchester United ,
Took absolutely no ( BLEEP ) . They , probably the young boys will tell you , but at the window , I do n't know how that window ever survived . He would be upstairs at The Cliff and somebody would make a mistake and he 'd be ...
Everything is moving . With Giggsy it 's almost slow motion , he glides on the top of the surface , his feet do n't touch the ground . He picked the ball up .
It ultimately comes from him , I think . What he demands of you , what demands he puts on you . If you think , '' We will get one more chance '' , you get one more chance
Probably the greatest in the world . He always fulfilled his promise to make sure that his group of players , his 18 , his 20 , got what they actually were promised at the start of the season . They all felt like they were contributing .
If they 've done something to me ... He 's a good tackler , he just likes fouling . He just likes leaving a bit on ' em .
Honestly , it was a joy to watch , because they wanted to do it . They wanted to be the best players . It is a lot easier coming through as a group as well , because like , one day Becks would be the man , and then it would be you , then it would be you , then it would be you , then it would be me ...
I prayed that I 'd make my wife , my children , my mum and my dad , my sister , my brother proud of what they were seeing from me out on the pitch , and that 's all I did . I said the same prayer every week for the rest of my career . And he had the same attitude with Beckham , when he was sent off with England , with me when I was ... sent off in Crystal Palace , and the club had the same attitude .
And he used to wrap it round the gearstick , wrap it round the steering wheel , and it was the thickest chain ... I 'm surprised that the car could even move . It was like an anchor , and it was just purely for security .
I think he had a panic attack . But it was a big old industrial dryer , as well . I think that 's what brought his asthma on .
Manchester United are Champions of Europe again . I remember feeling Scholesy should have been out there with us . The image that I like most is when we all make a tunnel for Scholesy and Keaney and they come through and carry the European Cup , because they were absolutely critical to everything that we achieved that season .
You know . In addition , let us face it . Whenever you did anything , there always had to be fanfares .
Okay , Mum . - This is his first communion . - Right .
Where one of us . Would stand in front of the car with it speeding towards us , Dive out the way at the last possible moment .
What 's happened to you . You never used to be like this . This was not the way you described it in the beginning .
Yeah . Even in these enlightened times . Unlike you , who .
8 : 00 , 8 : 30 . Nice , nice , nice , nice , nice , nice , nice . What ?
You know , I often wonder how Steven would have turned out . He would have been fine . - Yeah ?
Easy ! He did not die alone . How ?
No ! - Is it something that has happened with Luca ? - No !
Well , still , you know , you should talk to her . You should talk to the police as well . It is gone too far .
That is a very sexy woman . I tripped and fell , however , did I fall . - Moved in .
Everybody wants to try . In addition , protect their children from the world , but you can not . It is ...
How many times are you going to let these little fuckers piss on you . Before you realize you are wet . Yeah .
What do you think , Charlie ? I just wan na stay here . Well , afterwards .
But I have been more productive . And I agree with you , he is a quality associate . You 'd be the only woman .
Okay , okay . - I have to go home . - Look .
Sorry . Last room on the end . Okay .
Hard to prove that . A fisherman always sees another fisherman from afar . I think you ought to start calling me Gordon .
We already have one Hunter Thompson . You 're out there to interview and report . You got me ?
The fuck- ? I need you not to reschedule Miss Remar for anything . Okay .
It 's done , Doc . Look , you 're an older guy , so I do n't want you to have a heart attack . But Bretton James just said we 're gon na get a $ 100 million !
In one incredible week , shares of KZI are down 52 % . I know where the stock is . I have it in front of me .
Oh , I get it . This is an episode of a reality show , and I 'm in it . And I bet you my agent set it up .
I will quote you warmly and accurately . Well , that 's what I 'm worried about . Some of us ... we got girlfriends back home , you know ?
What if the deal does n't go through ? At least I 'll have a happy husband . Happy he at least gave it a try .
It 's not too late for you to become a person of substance , Russell . Please get my son home safely . You know , I 'm glad we spoke .
I know his ex-wife ... current-girlfriend thing is gon na be there . I 'm not sure that 's a good idea . What are you saying ?
Because , gee whiz , we all know that prices of houses in America always go up , right ? It 's greed that makes the government in this country cut the interest rates to one-percent , after 9/ 11 . So we could all go shopping again .
I just had a really rough day . How about some margaritas at the deck bar ? And then how about a massage by the expert hands of a Kansas City farm boy ?
Everywhere I go . I even see the dog . That 's how fucked up I still am .
I talked to , some of the ... some of the ... some of my partners , and ... well , they were ... they were afraid of a conflict of interest . Mike , cut the bullshit .
Because she hates it . You do n't think it 's funny that she 'd fall in love with you ? I bet you do n't have one of these .
No , we ... we have a date . Sir , I mean , it 's prom . She ...
That is my email address . By the way , the rumors on Zabel ? Yeah ?
Father , Father Tell me the story tell me what to do Doctor , Doctor
That 's true . Pretty soon he 'll be joining the greats like Cagney and Tracy . All the real big ones .
You guys , this is my brother . - Nice to finally meet you . - You have a good day .
That 's a major step . No , he needs more help than I can give him . What , are you gon na save him now ?
What ? The pure sound , I heard it . Come on .
I 'm just going up to see a friend of mine , Charlie Fineman . Nobody by that name lives here . Sorry .
He 's with the President . And he 's going to want to know what I think we should do . This is n't Keller Zabel , Bill .
I do n't know . Johnson , you can answer for me . What do I collect ?
Hi . - I 'm assuming Dylan told you . - Yes , she told us .
And then it just becomes an industry of cool . I 'm telling you , you 're coming along at a very dangerous time for rock ' n ' roll . That 's why I think you should turn , go back , and be a lawyer or something .
A-Rod lines a shot to center . The outfielder ca n't make the play . The ball goes under his glove , rolling all the way to the wall .
And you were a sleepwalker . It was the worst two years of my life . Hey , are you practising , man ?
Like all those worthless people in our family ? Like all the generations who suffered so you could have a better life ? Like us , I suppose ?
This is not okay . You staying out all night it 's not acceptable . I 'm just saying , the guy 's in a lot of pain .
You do n't need to address it , Dr. Oakhurst . He would n't talk about them from that day on , any of them . Then he cut us off .
What the hell kind of name is that , anyway ? It 's the name that 's gon na make you money , Rick . Okay , now , what 's the plan of attack ?
Name the pitchers he took deep . You came all this way to ask me that ? Yeah .
You had a busy day today In Carl Jung 's opinion ... we all have a sixth sense -- intuition . When you meet someone and you suddenly feel like you ca n't live without them ... this could be the memory of a past love from the collective unconscious .
Do n't worry . - You 're a brave young man . - Oh , yes .
No , no , no , I do n't think so . Afraid you might forget about your job for a second and actually have some fun ? Oh , thank you for the analysis .
`` There 's a lot worse things to worry about than your teeth . '' So , what 's going on with this kitchen-remodelling thing ? What 's up with that ?
Yeah , we used to come here every Sunday night . You 're going to be fine . You do know I 'm never having sex with you again .
I can't- You 'll go to sleep tomorrow night at 8 : .00 instead of 10 : .30 . How 's that ?
Hey , anyone can figure out life when you 're looking back on it . But we got to live it going forward . Right , Jakie ?
I do n't care . You 're not getting my pudding , that 's it . '' So , I grabbed it and I 've gone , '' No , mate , no , you 're not having it . ''
I 've got one of these for you , Sonny Jim . I 've got one of those for you . My name is Harvey .
I think he likes ' em . I do n't mind that , at all . But the hair is not good .
And why on earth are you dressed like that ? We always dress like this . You look stupid .
You 're a bit late . Everything 's up in the attic . It 's all right .
She was much younger than him . She was a model , I think . What would you do if they threw you out ?
Mr Hunter . Reverend Laws is a comfort . This is Detective Helen Marshall .
My husband 's business interests . I did n't ask any questions . Did Eric have any particularly close friends ?
OK . I saw her in the Oak . She annoyed me , probably in some minor way .
Sergeant Craven and PC Douglas are on the mend , but they 're not up to questioning just yet . 'Our thoughts go out to the families of PC Tommy Douglas and Sergeant Bob Craven . 'An outside force will be reviewing the actions of the West Yorkshire Police , 'and we , of course , welcome their inquiry . '
I 'll be the judge of that . Do you want to sit down ? Thank you .
Exactly . What do you do in your spare time , Bob ? What ?
I 've had a long day . I 'm going to go back to the hotel . You 're the guest .
I do n't know . He did some bad things , did Eric . But he did n't deserve what happened to him .
You dare n't let your kids go out in t'street . Frightened to go over to the shops now . Anywhere near the Chapeltown area .
No love lost , no . So , when someone kicks down your front door , kills the dog and rapes the wife , who are you going to call ? It certainly would n't be the West Yorkshire Police .
Let 's get this done - before we attract too much attention . - Okay , Ian .
Broke me new leg . Can you help me take it off , please ? Ian ?
Delacroix , French , Frenchman he was , painter , he said , `` Inspiration is getting to our studies at 9 am . '' Go on , hit it .
Couple of more poses . Come on , Baxter , I 'm working . Hold it .
Well , it 's funny you should say that , actually , because ... - Sorry , what 's your name again ? - Clive .
# If you do n't know where it 's been # The jackpot is in the handle # On a normal fruit machine
# I 'm the blackmail man # Well , I 'm the blackmail man and I know what you do , every one of you # I 'm the blackmail man
Ah ! Look at you all , look . Bloody marvellous .
Is that your mum ? - It 's the school on the phone . It 's the headmistress .
I 've just been offered a part in a film . To play an undernourished villain who wins in the end through love . You could come with .
You 'll still be my gracious , my family . And if you ever forget that , act sorry for yourself , I 'll come back and I 'll bleeding ' well haunt you .
I 've not been particularly full of the joie de vivre . All the colours have gone . Wanted the world to go away , too .
He said , '' I 've got a game for you , two weeks on Saturday , `` it 's just the game for you . '' I was like , `` So I 'm not playing for four games ? '' '' You make sure you prepare for that one .
I think there was always arguments with my dad and the next-door neighbour about stopping me from playing . Then you get the '' No ball games '' sign , don % you ? You 're not allowed to play any more , you have to go off , try and play football wherever you can .
Whatever they achieve in their futures , I doubt that they will ever , ever cap this . Manchester United are Champions of Europe again . I remember feeling Scholesy should have been out there with us .
Because Bayern Munich were still getting chances . They were hitting the bar , they were hitting the post . And we were n't playing well .
All I wanted to do was play football and I never realised that all that side came with it , really . He has n't changed as a person , he has n't changed as a player . He 's just one of these naturally gifted players that just gets on with the job , but he 's so talented .
Even if he had n't scored this goal , it was good idea . That was when I really all went like that and the publicity went like that . It must have been zoomed all around the world , that goal .
A fluke . If Scholes or Beckham had done that pass , honestly , it would have been talked about forever more . SCHOLES :
Because they come from far more privileged backgrounds than I did , and their grandparents and their fathers came from . But it 's worth reminding them that work ethic is so important . It does n't matter how good a player you are , if you 're not prepared to work and have a desire to work , then it means nothing .
But what I 'd do is I 'd look round and I 'd look at , say , Nani or Anderson , and the manager 's trying to describe growing up in a Glasgow shipyard in a broad Scottish accent , and you can see Nani and Anderson and all the foreign players who could hardly speak English , going , `` What is he going on about ?
I did n't think it was a rough area . People from outside probably do , but it was n't the nicest of places , I do n't suppose , but it 's where I grew up and I ...
EGGS : I mean , Becks was obviously a huge star and just got bigger and bigger and bigger . But in regards to , in the dressing room , not a lot changed .
If there was ever any trouble , then you knew you could just look to your right or left and Nicky would be there to sort it out . I think he looked after Gary a few times as well , actually . Down tunnels , it 's always nice to have a couple of lads alongside you , is n't it ?
And I was banned for nine months . In France , completely opposite attitude . You have to build , you know , circle the wagons .
I had a map on my wall at The Cliff of Manchester . And I got the scouts in . I just wanted to make sure that by getting the map , that all the areas were covered .
Scholes , I suppose , came in for Sparky . You came in for lncey , you for Andrei . Me for Paul Parker .
`` Get this to extra time , we 're going to beat them . '' That was my mindset straight away. `` We 're going to beat them in extra time . ''
Everyone keeps telling me it is good to cry . Well , if that is what everyone keeps saying , It must be okay .
Is it you ? I want you to call the police . I want you to tell them exactly what has been going on .
She is outside . Looks like these are going to have to wait . Rachel ?
Definitely . But if you 're asking me whether This evidence in itself ... Is likely to lead to A charge and a conviction ,
Please do . This is Stanley at Maxim Publishing . We are getting a bit anxious about the deadline .
And the evidence At the crime scene . It is a matter of finding the right boy . If we can place him in the right place last night ,
You know . I had the one in school . Hold it .
Are you ? You never did say what your name was . What you going to do .
Whenever you did anything , there always had to be fanfares . You could never just do it . Well , you always were the humble one in the outfit .
He had us . In addition , the other stuff . - Stuff ?
Yeah . Just too many Lou Reed records . - My God !
Will you do that for me ? I have given her something to help her sleep . I would not expect too much too soon .
Are not you ? Any man would feel the same way . Do not you think ?
I just wanted to survive . One of them threw that at me . They said it must be .
I am sure . I bet Tom 's never mentioned me before . - You look a bit shocked .
I 've outlined my approach a bit different . I know you have a hard deadline for the presentation , so I 'm here if you need me . It 's priority .
Yeah , come on in . Breakfast will be here in a minute . Have a seat .
I do n't even think we should be doing business with her in the first place . Scotty , you worry too much . Yeah , yeah .
Well , it seems the rumors are true . The record company has sent a big-time manager here ... to try and talk you into replacing me . His name is Dennis Hope .
Divorce invitation . I 'll see you there , okay ? Oh , my god !
I had to live with you . And now I might die with you , and it 's not fucking fair . Please , enough !
There 's just one question I need to ask you before I leave . Dylan Lipnick , I want to spend the rest of my life with you . Will you marry me ?
Or did I ? He was never a person . He was a journalist !
This is bullshit , man . Who 's taking care of us ? - Who 's responsible for the gear ?
Rudy ... He was a victim , you know . Like , he had cancer .
What ? How many franchise branches do you want ? Well , our initial roll-out plan was to have 25 in 5 years .
Polly , I disagree . You 've got ta get the government to say no in a situation like this . True capitalism is about disaster and correction .
He respects women , and he likes women . And let 's just pause and appreciate a man like that . You created him out of thin air , you know , you raised him right .
I do n't want your apology . We have a business meeting . - He 's just a trainee , please .
Hundreds of millions of dollars betting against this bubble . Just wish I had a million . It checks out , baby .
We 'll join the band on the road . Do n't let the band pay for anything . We can only pay , let me see ... 3,000 words --
I do n't know what they 're gon na do with it ... but I told them every word you wrote was true . We are gon na do this one more time . So , Russell ... what do you love about music ?
That 's why I think you should turn , go back , and be a lawyer or something . But I can tell from your face that you wo n't . I can give you 35 bucks .
What ? Ice Cube is n't an actor . He 's in the movies , ai n't he ?
We should get started . I 'm sorry about the overlap . Charlie , nice to meet you .
I just needed to understand why after mom died ... you took a 6-year-old to live with an uncle that she barely knew ... and you left her there for a year and you did n't even call , not once . We came here to watch baseball . We did n't come here to ...
`` `` How cool is this ? My mother is saving lives . '' '' Do n't change the subject .
`` Okay '' ? No , I would n't use that word . Well , thank you for seeing me .
I 'll see you at home . I 'll show them the rest . - All right , let 's see .
They 're just trying to kill the stock . Does n't make any difference what 's going on . Then start another goddamn rumor is what you do .
And this is little Jenny . She was quite a little chess player . She got that from me .
Mike told me . Please make yourself comfortable , and welcome . Thank you .
Although it would be cool to be on the cover . You are going to get me in so much trouble ! Simon Kirke from Bad Company is by the pool .
You should be back in Atlanta , where you belong . Yeah , well , I agree with you . Hey , Johnny !
You take a journey and discover yourself . - Hey , man , you wan na go get a drink ? - I ca n't drink .
Hey , Charlie ! What the fuck is wrong with you ? Get out of here , man !
You need to meet with a specialist . I 've got a job to do , and if I do n't do that job ... the Braves will get somebody else to do it . You know , they already think I should be playing Bingo ...
What a surprise . This is ... this is my wife , Dylan . Dylan , this is ...
Scotty , let 's talk business , okay ? No biases , no conflicts of interest . - She is giving us the deal of a lifetime .
And that retires the side . The Grizzlies are coming up . - Hey , there , kiddo .
So , what 'd you see ? He sits back on the pitch . He uses his hips and legs for power .
Because this reads like what they wanted you to write . You obviously saw more than you wrote about . - Something must have happened .
Besides , do not underestimate the potential of this restaurant . - We are really close to franchising this . - Oh , oh , oh , okay , okay .
You owe me . Well , you can take an early retirement , collect disability . With the pension , you should be comfortable .
I am too . Can I say something , Charlie ? - Yeah .
He was carrying paint . You think he 's still practising ? Who 's Charlie Fineman , Daddy ?
Yes . You have to be bold to make these kind of people go away . Thanks for holding .
I 'll be fine . This is n't exactly what you wanted to do , is it ? After my arm went , the Red Sox gave me a chance to you know , stay in the game .
Nah . Spread out between three different women . One 's got two , the other 's got two , and another one 's got three kids .
Yeah ? ... now , they 're adult sizes and you 're a size four . But these have just come in from London .
# Huh , huh # Give it , give it , give it , give it , give it , # Give it , give it , give it , give it
I do n't think Woody was standing any of it from Combo . I mean , I do n't know what 's going on with those two , but there 's some real tension . I can sense some real tension between them .
She 's got her own nipples . I thought she might like it . Smell , are you ready ?
It 's not cos I 'm smelly . It 's just Michelle and Smell . - Right .
# Are you ready ... - Look at the size of that dog . - Gadge , have a look at that dog .
I do n't like it here , Mum . I liked it better when we were with Dad . Well , I liked it better when we was with Dad , but Dad 's gone now .
They wish it to stay that way . At least the weather 's been on Mrs Thatcher 's side ... - Lol .
It certainly would n't be the West Yorkshire Police . They 'd already be in there , would n't they ? I might want to talk to you again .
Harold Angus will tell them Bill Molloy 's out . Now , there have been calls for outside help , a fresh perspective and so on . Which is why we 've asked you here today .
Yes . That 's a lot of women , is n't it , Peter ? Think we 've left anybody out ?
She did n't deserve what happened to her . Is that what you wanted to tell me ? Ask Eric the Pimp if you want to know more .
The inevitable speculation that Laura Baines may be the 13th victim of the Yorkshire Ripper . We hope and pray there may be no more funerals like this one. `` And while I could never condone his methods , I can sympathise with his feelings . ''
Detective Inspector Jim Prentice , I 'd like to thank you for coming ... Have we got any sandwiches ? Let 's get started , shall we ?
Are you going back to Manchester ? How does it feel , Mr Hudson ? Thank you .
Her eyes were looking at me . 'She went into the back and I tried to hit her , but I missed . ' I caught the side of the door instead .
So I held it again . ' I pulled all her clothes off and stabbed her ... ' .. I was steaming with anger .
About what ? A young woman called Clare Strachan . It 'll only take a minute .
The Karachi Club shooting for one . With all due respect , sir , that was over five years ago , and failed to reach a conclusion . Why was that ?
She was dirty , she just talked about sex . I got some filling from a sofa and I ..... pushed it down her throat . And I held her nose .
He 's a little fussy , he does n't like tomatoes , - fruit of any kind , potatoes ... - Like father like son , eh ?
Anyway , this Year of the Disabled ... Got a chance now to get back on top . Proper deals going down , so ...
Cunt . Keep your body strong , keep your guard up . Ian , I need a rest .
My given name is Dickie , I come from Billericay , and I 'm doing very well ! # Had a love affair with Nina in the back of my Cortina
Come on , Baxter , what 's wrong with you ? - Scared of a bit of water ? - Leave him alone , Ian .
I hope you do n't mind me saying , but you are being a bit of a right old moody . We said we 'd look after him , Ian . Yeah , I know .
Oi ! - Why do n't you jump in ? Actually , I was a brilliant swimmer .
Everyone has their weakness . It 's just that his weakness is so obvious he does n't need to worry about it . But what about me ?
All boys do that . It 's a boy thing , is n't it ? A packet of fags , dirty magazine .
Fans loved them . - Scholes , I suppose , came in for Sparky . You came in for lncey , you for Andrei .
I actually remember him running at me , to this day , thinking , '' I 'm dead here . '' So I just collapsed on the floor , thinking I 've got to make a tackle . And it was a tired ...
He starts running at players , and I 've seen Giggsy do this since I was 15 years old . I stood still and it was like slow motion . In and out , gliding in and out .
That led inexorably to us wanting to re-establish a sense of idealism . Seventeen years of hurt never stopped us dreaming . Labour is coming home !
I played for France this time . Manchester United asked me to sign a contract . And I was banned for nine months .
SCHOLES : You 'd come in the dressing room and there was a tray of sandwiches and , you know , the big hot silver pots with tea in or coffee . Obviously we were just sat in the dressing room , a freezing cold day .
One of the things that I remember is Butty 's overhead kick , you know . Did n't go in , but he got so excited about it . There was only going to be one result for this team , it was just ...
`` Phil 's got in and you 're not , '' and thinking , `` That 's hard that , to see your brother play in front of you . '' And I think Gary probably deep down knew he was n't playing , and he took it well , he did .
And the shit in the letter box . In addition , the dead cat . - All your work .
Thank you . Have you got her initial statement ? - Yeah .
Azza and Michael . You 'd fucking say fucking anything to get out of here , would not you . No .
I have to go home . Leave me alone , will you . - What this ?
Tom . You know , the trouble with this stuff , it cuts away at care . I mean , look at you .
Nice . How is that story going ? Terry Grady , 15-year-old kid ...
Now , I know my son . In addition , you would say alternatively , do anything ... To save your stinking skin !
Sorry about that . I would not worry about it . Is everything all right ?
No . Stabbed at a football match . Some gang fight .
Why do you want to get involved ? I thought you were a watcher . It is better on the sidelines .
Sometimes the only thing . He would just be there In front of me . His crooked smile .
I mean , his wife , his three daughters . This guy used to be a dentist . - How long ago ?
Yeah . That felt kind a good , though . Excuse me , kids .
You better get your skinny little ass on base . I got a chance to win this game in front of all these scouts . I 'm visualizing mega endorsement deals .
Hey , do n't you act so superior , kid . They took 122 thousand hours of my life for a victimless crime . I ate my bitterness every goddamn day .
Otherwise , I never would have had to face this shit storm and see all of you , but I did . And today , I am a winner ... A winner not just because I got my way , but ... because I made the journey .
I know he 's a good man with a brilliant head on his shoulders . He 's a self-directed man with ambition and dreams . And he loves me to bits , grandpa .
So ... How many do you want ? What ?
Do n't jump . And you can tell Rolling Stone magazine ... that my last words ... were ... I 'm on drugs .
Thank you , William Miller . Ladies and gentlemen , welcome to Eastern Airlines nonstop service ... to San Diego . In preparation for our departure today ... we 'd like to ask , please , that you extinguish all flammable items ... and do return all seats and tray tables to their full --
I want to have twins just like that ... one that looks like you and one that looks like me . Identical twins are so boring . I 'm sorry .
That 's it . I 'm sick of playing with candy-asses . You know , Alan , I really think this is inappropriate .
Silver Bullet or Seger System ? Well , actually , I do n't like either of those albums . That 's funny , because they 're not albums .
But , Brett , congratulations . I know how hard you worked for all of this . I go by '' '' Bretton '' '' these days .
All right . It 's been nice to meet ya . Keep sending me your stuff .
She sounds like just like my ex-husband . He never wanted to let me go , either . That bloodsucking leech .
But it 's a voice that says , '' Here I am ... and fuck you if you ca n't understand me . '' And one of these people is gon na save the world . And that means that rock ' n ' roll can save the world ... all of us together .
I thought maybe we could hang out , you know , do some stuff back home ... like regular stuff ... get to know each other a little bit better ... and then I 'd see you pee . I mean , you know , that 's just the way I usually do it . You 're one of us .
This is Ben Fong-Torres calling from Rolling Stone . Hi , Ben Fong-Torres from Rolling Stone . Hello , hello .
Just picked up a few things growing up . You have one new message . Mickey , it 's Daniel Rosenbloom .
You just held it over us , like you might leave . Like we 're lucky to be with you . And we had to live with it , man .
Those flowers Jeremy brought for you . Then that 's what the invites will say ... `` Flowers by Jeremy ...
I do n't like this . I do n't like doing it . Remembering .
That does n't mean he 's an actor . Gus , what do they call the actors in the movies ? Actors .
Excuse me , Marie . She said she wants to give me oral sex in the office . You know what , you need to make this go away .
You guys are just jealous . I 'm an optimist , all right ? I look at the brighter side of things .
You think ? And he 's gon na need an agent . He 's got one .
I stand with Gus . I say sign the pitcher from San Diego . We are not passing on him , Vince .
I agree with Mickey there 's precedent , I do n't think it 's our strongest position . I 've outlined my approach a bit different . I know you have a hard deadline for the presentation , so I 'm here if you need me .
You are jealous of Charlie . I actually think you 're jealous of Charlie . He 's caught up in this world of pain , thick like quicksand and your only response is to covet his freedom .
If you want it to be , yes . Charlie , before you go , I 'd just- I 'd like to say something . Look , the fact is you had a family and you suffered a great loss and until you can discuss that and we can really talk about that this is all just an exercise .
I do n't want any surprises . You 're talking about one of the best scouts 's ever seen . You 're talking about the guy that signed Ralph Garr , Dusty Baker ...
The world goes on as if they were never even written . Yeah , but out of those thousands , one of those papers had the formula for electricity on it . It did ?
You should give her a call . You both live in the same city . - You really think I should ?
Ball ! Oh , yeah , this is a good idea . Why are you right next to me ?
I do n't want his million dollars . Tell him I 'm not mad at him and we 're still friends , okay ? Just tell him that .
Yeah , he ... he decided to put me up until I could get back on my feet . Guess Scotty and I share something ... getting you back on your feet .
That 's right ! And the Swannanoa Grizzlies ... are the champions of the Mountain County League . Congratulations to both teams for an exciting and excellent game .
Well , I 'm not wrong . Kid 's nothing but a dead-red hitter . Oh , you can watch him if you want and see if he develops ... but no more than that .
What ... what does that even mean ? Really ?
Well , good to see you . Hey , did you get your work done ? Some of it .
You may step down . I disagree strongly with that finding . Your Honour , I think that Charlie needs to find his own way .
This is who he is . I did tell you , Jake . I did warn you .
It 's my college roommate . I used to sleep in the nude . Check this out .
Learn from him . That 's a proud man , there . That 's what we need , man .
Go on , Lenny ! Are you ready to return to the fight ? Yes !
Do n't look at his face . Do n't look at his face . Do n't look at his face .
Get off your ship . Did you have a safe journey ? Was it hard ?
You promised me . Why do n't you get some of them that you 've got in blue ? Cos I do n't like these .
That 's what we need , man . That 's what this nation has been built on . Proud men .
Apparently . Ca n't be too careful now , can you ? Detective Superintendent Bob Craven .
No . We 'll keep it as it is . You got a problem with that , Helen ?
Bob , can I have a word ? You 've been around all this a long time , have n't you ? Ripper ?
You sound like you 're blaming me . Word is , you 've been intimidating Jobson 's officers , questioning their integrity . Well , I 've certainly been questioning their capabilities .
Yes . Yes , she 's become quite the convert . Really ?
It was my house . It could 've killed us , could 've killed my wife ! Where 's Joan now ?
DCS John Nolan . 20 years ' experience , done two tours with me . Good man .
Oh . This was left for you , sir . I heard they 're closing all the shops early again , sir .
Maurice can piss off . It 's a Home Office Review . You think you 're up for all this , Pete ?
Much smaller op . So Clare Strachan was n't in at this stage ? Not until after the blood tests and the letters .
Yeah , I know . Do you want to add anything else ? No , thank you .
She was a model , I think . What would you do if they threw you out ? I do n't know .
I was here when he was born , was n't I ? Just downstairs , I mean , not a lot of fathers can say that ! Found a couple that survived .
Ian , I , um ... - I need some time off . - Yeah , do n't we all ?
Right , that 's fucking bollocks . Everything you do is for you , on your terms . And if the rest of us happen to fit along ,
Only boring people get bored . Go on , off you go . Baxter , I 'm not gon na tell you again .
Him and Eddie Cochran were the brightest stars in the firmament when they climbed into a cab outside the Savoy , April 16th , 1960 . Two hours later , they hit a hairpin bend . Crash !
I got a nice penthouse in Old Victoria , I 'm happy with me digs . You should come and see me . Would you like that ?
# You 're still asleep # But the gift do n't seem to mind # Rise on this occasion
Would you like that ? # The sons of the prophet were brave men and bold # And quite unaccustomed to fear
Well , here 's an opportunity to introduce yourself all over again . You know , a new fan base , new beginnings . Oh , dear .
One , two , three ... # I 'm Spasticus , Spasticus Spasticus Autisticus # I 'm Spasticus , Spasticus Spasticus Autisticus
`` The more interesting a man , the greyer his trousers . '' But they also say , '' You 're never alone with schizophrenia . '' So what the fuck do they know ?
# Get me where you want me # What happens next is private What are you doing ?
You 've probably got footage of the songs as well , have n't you ? They 're just so bad it 's shocking , are n't they ? Just something so much out of my comfort zone , it 's untrue .
I did n't play in the ' 96 final . In the final , we played Arsenal . He came round to my room in the morning ,
I said the same prayer every week for the rest of my career . And he had the same attitude with Beckham , when he was sent off with England , with me when I was ... sent off in Crystal Palace , and the club had the same attitude . I played for France this time .
I had quite a few death threats . I had bullets through the post ... Delivered , no address on them , just hand-delivered through my letterbox .
come in to the A team and playing games like that , I do n't think there 's many teams that do that . For me , that 's my best moment at The Cliff .
It was sickening , it was vile , it was bordering on criminal , some of the things that he had to put up with . I had quite a few death threats . I had bullets through the post ...
We took up three-quarters of the ground . You knew you were in a massive game then , and then you just look for your family , give them a little wave and then it 's just game on then . This is it for us .
`` You know , you had n't won it. `` So , if you 're feeling tired , or if you feel like you ca n't run any more , `` just think Of that . ''
They 're tough moments to have to get over , but you 're happy because he 's playing , and you certainly do n't ever want him to fall over or make a mistake , but also there 's still that competitive tension , because we 're in similar positions . And going into the game , I 'll never forget walking out the tunnel , and all I remember thinking was one , I hope I play well , two , I hope we win , and three , I hope my brother gets on the pitch . And that was my thought process going into the game .
I mean , it 's phenomenal . To think that that 's a football player , who can kick a football well . So I went to visit this obscure little Japanese school in the middle of nowhere , and I went in and was introduced to the school assembly .
It did n't wait for a leader to do that for it . In fact , it took the disinterest that was clearly shown to it by Margaret Thatcher 's premiership , and it took that as actually a signal to do it itself . WOMAN :
I did one once with a teapot and Peter Schmeichel . You know , big 6 ' 8 '' man , giant . SCHOLES :
Hi . My name is Suzanne Tiama . I 'm the director of the Zodiac gallery in Hoxton .
You know , you actually understand less . You do not get courageous . You just get scared .
They argued . Most of the witnesses Thought nothing about it . A second later , They look around ,
Chin-chin . Yeah , let us exhibit these drawings . They hugely impressed me .
Stay the fuck away from here . - Do you know what is going to happen to you ? - The same that happened to your fucking brother .
I do not know , Tom . Sometimes I think I should ... Live more like you , you know .
Nice to meet you . - Nice to meet you too . - I have heard lots about you .
What is wrong ? You needed to do it quite so early ? Early bird and all that .
This is somewhat old , kind of complicated . However , once you know it , you know it . You know .
This is a good steak . This is not a good steak . This woman will break your heart .
It is not about her . Well , still , you know , you should talk to her . You should talk to the police as well .
They put the death of cold through me . They make you not want to step out the door . - How do I look ?
I tried to fight . They held my hands down . They took turns .
It is true . Have a look at the right side of my chest . He was my mate .
They would pull him in for questioning , but ... Where would that leave you ? I brushed off that kid ,
`` I did n't do it '' ? - You can believe me or not , but I am telling you . Yeah , but you and me , we know each other , Yeah ?
When we were kids , they were innocent times . The ' 70s , when you could go to a fight in addition , a football match would break out . You know , I often wonder how Steven would have turned out .
Yeah . I could probably find him . They would pull him in for questioning , but ...
The truth is , I did n't even see it , Lobel did . You better be sure you understood him correctly . I 'm sure .
Hey-hey ! Good to see you , man . Some people have a hard time explaining rock ' n ' roll .
I enjoy doing this . You know , they got a special program now that can calculate a player 's stats ... and based on the competition he 's seen ... tell you whether or not he 's ready for the next level . You believe that ?
Oh , my God . You mean like a real job with a boss ? Yes , a real job .
Dude , how many credit cards do you sign up for ? You just sign '' I agree '' without even reading it . Come on .
Well , now that I have your attention ... I know you 've heard this before , and I 've never said this to anybody . Well , nobody who did n't legally have to say it back to me .
Can I sit down ? Charlie , can Donna sit down ? She really wanted to come to your hearing today to support you .
Thank you . Oh , I 'm so proud of you . Oh .
Look , I know I 'm not on the plane . I 'm not going on some other band 's bus . I could go with the Stillwater road crew but that would be pathetic ... and the girls are all going with Humble Pie .
Lester , Rolling Stone is calling me . I do n't have my key interview . I do n't know what to say .
Well , yeah , on my better days , I am Russell from Stillwater . Hey , you wan na go to a party with me at my friend Aaron 's house ? I mean , I know you 're a big rock star and all ... but do you wan na hang with some good people looking to have a good time ?
The man himself is here with us . Gordon , good to have you on the program . Thank you , Maria .
Mike Christian , and he 's very religious . - Yeah , well , I 'd pray to that . And very busy , okay ?
Out ! - We do n't want to see you . Go .
Love is this ... indescribable feeling you get when you see someone who you know will do anything for you ... When you see someone with a life growing inside of them , a life you helped create . Love is sticking it out .
And that pious piranha , Bretton James , he had just enough information to sink me . You know , of course , I 'm never going to know it for sure . He offered me a job .
I appreciate you showing up . - No , no , I agree ... ma'am . There 's hope for you yet , Russell .
I can give you 35 bucks . - Give me 1 , 000 words on Black Sabbath . - An assignment ?
I do n't know what my problem is . I just ca n't concentrate like I should . What about your family ?
Oy . You 've known this man for only a few months , and now you 're ready to marry him ? What do you know about him ?
Why would you do that ? Hire him as head manager ? No matter what you say or do , I am never going out with him .
Sure . Sign another one for more money . You ever think about retirement ?
I wan na like him . Did you miss your test or something ? - You have no idea .
I tried to get in touch through the Dental Guild- I 'm practising all the time , up in the valley . Took down 12 of the Colossus so far .
Aluminum 's stable . There 's just no growth potential in it . Wait , wait !
They used him to fuck us . They 'll probably just put you on the cover . Wait .
You can focus on work . I have a family , and they 're none of your goddamn business . Excuse me .
But that was a joke , right ? And then we were all going to D.T . ' s little cousin 's wedding in Los Angeles , and I was gon na meet them out there . The kids wanted to go to Disneyland but they had
I need you to call your tech guys and ask them how to recover an e-mail . Do n't you know her password ? - No !
It does n't feel like you can ever give me an answer . This is n't one of those things that you can just put on paper . Well , I guess that 's my answer .
This is outrageous . We 're an hour and a half late ! I 'm coming , I 'm coming .
I 'm sick of playing with candy-asses . You know , Alan , I really think this is inappropriate . I do n't care what you think .
I 'll go , and then I 'll just come right back . Do n't be mad if I have this all done by the time you get back . Because I 'm on a roll here .
Does n't know how . You might have to take the lead . Trust me , I 've tried .
You staying out all night it 's not acceptable . I 'm just saying , the guy 's in a lot of pain . It 's sad over there , baby .
Nice shot . I got the Landau research . I agree with Mickey there 's precedent , I do n't think it 's our strongest position .
It 's got to be from you . It was n't from my part of the family , that 's for sure . Anyway , I need you around to talk to her .
Plus , she gave me all her albums , and now she 's a stewardess ? It 's good to talk about . Really good .
I 'm so happy you 're here ! I was hoping that you were gon na come . I saw you on the cover of that one magazine .
I got ta climb this big son of a bitch- Look , just put it down , all right ? Rest .
Locust Fund . I never heard of it , but it 's possible . Yeah .
This is my station . That is my email address . By the way , the rumors on Zabel ?
You got to sell at least one . Oh , do n't tell me my job , Jacob . There are no buyers out there right now .
When 's the last time you stepped out of the office and saw a high school game ? Our pick 's up in two minutes . If I am wrong , if I 'm wrong , you fire me .
Absolutely . Although it 's rare , at the turn of the last century , the divorce rate grew for a number of justifiable reasons . People are alcoholics , drug addicts , physically abusive to their spouse or children ... these are situations where separation is often best for all involved .
Yes ! Mrs Thatcher 's visiting The Antrim very close to two key events in the War , for the ship . Just over there , in the Falklands Sound , she was hit aft by a 1,000lb bomb , which , fortunately , did n't explode , and there , on Fanning Head , heavy bombardment from The Antrim took out a key Argentine position .
# And it sets in the Western world # But it rises in the East # And pretty soon it 's gon na burn your temples down
What the fuck ? What do you want , Gadget ? You 've just nearly put my window through .
What ? Never knew Keith Chegwin had a son . Piss off .
It 's been all right , yeah . Better if Woody was here . Yeah , I know , man .
# Are we ready ? # And you stand there beating on your little war drum # Are you ready ...
Yeah . Not that many people have done it to me . I just thought it 'd be nice , like .
All because of my trousers . What 's wrong with your trousers ? Look at the fucking size of them !
Really ? Well , that 's really cute of you . Do you want a kiss ?
And there 's a reason people try to pigeonhole us like this . And that is because of one word , gentlemen . - Fear .
It 's all right . I 'll get the steps from the garage . Have it up in no time .
It changes everything , do n't it ? Why did you say you killed Clare ? He said I had to .
Hundreds of people are now writing in with information . Mail is arriving by the sackfull . Over 3,000 statements have been taken , and 9,000 men have already been eliminated from our inquiry .
Thank you . Miss Marshall not in her room ? No , sir .
Thanks for everything . And I wanted to say I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry if I insulted you .
So , I 'm interested to know what you feel , given that you 've worked under Bill Molloy and Maurice Jobson . What we feel ?
It 'll only take a minute . You 're best getting in that door . I 'll wait out here .
Yeah , and his wife , Sharon . She was much younger than him . She was a model , I think .
Craven reckoned a four-man team . Well , we 've got five guns . I still ca n't get this clear , can you ?
Thanks , John . I 'll have to get someone to feed the cat , I suppose . Thank you .
Please ! Tell them about the others . Please !
But before that , he was a suspect . I think you 'll find that the tests later revealed that the killer of Strachan and the writer of that letter were the same person , were n't they ? Same blood type .
All this is on the never never , is n't it ? Business did n't work out with Eric , then ? What business ?
Cheers for that , Bob . Let 's get started , shall we ? Joan Richards .
# Every womans ' every man # Hit me with your rhythm stick # Hit me Hit me
Sorry , guys . I 'm sorry , I 'm so sorry . Please forgive me .
# Hit me , hit me , hit me ! # Hit me with your rhythm stick # It 's nice to be a lunatic
And welcome back . Well , we all like a bit of jazz , do n't we ? And so , turning to our next item and that 's the continuing controversy surrounding the United Nations Year of the Disabled .
It 's very , very special because you can feel it right here . I 'm gon na give you a rhythm , all right ? One , two , three , four .
Paul McCartney says when he gets recognised , he just walks brusquely away . Well , if I walk brusquely away , I fall over and down I go a-tumble . Did I say you could laugh ?
Must be inherited . Does she sack drummers , too ? Incredible Hulk does n't swear , does he ?
I mean , well , I come around . I was here when he was born , was n't I ? Just downstairs , I mean , not a lot of fathers can say that !
You 'll be all right . Just remember , keep your head up , keep kicking , try not to drown. `` When a free man dies , he loses the pleasure of life .
What 's his name again ? - Captain Cripple the Raspberry Ripple ! - Fuck off .
Typical . - Did you just say '' typical '' ? He 's a cheeky little bugger , is n't he ?
Does she sack drummers , too ? Incredible Hulk does n't swear , does he ? - He 's got a moral compass .
Great as in celebrated , illustrious , famous ? Or great as in large , fat , bloated ? Something you do to a nutmeg , perhaps ?
It 's the Sulphate Strangler ! # The sons of the prophet were brave men and bold # And quite unaccustomed to fear
Ca n't wait to get back . I remember I was on holiday , I think I was in Cyprus , and I pick up the paper and you see all these players are going , and you 're thinking , '' Wow , what 's going on here ? '' They must be going to go and buy some proper big players to replace them .
I 'll never ever forget that . After all them years of waiting and then to see it , your team win the Champions League in your lifetime , in such amazing fashion . In fact , I missed the winning goal , I was crying like a baby .
Smash the poll tax and smash the Tories and in the end put an end to this Tory government itself . I 've only got one thing to say , it 's nice to be back . NEWS REPORTER :
Tried to stop me playing and ... I think there was always arguments with my dad and the next-door neighbour about stopping me from playing . Then you get the '' No ball games '' sign , don % you ?
You could say that , but I do n't think they were . What I thought was their character won it . We had a great bunch of boys who were getting better every game , and they did it together .
BURKE : For me , I thought I was talented , but I did n't dedicate like these guys . When people say , '' What was Becks like ? '' Or , '' What was Giggs like ? ''
I was n't probably at that stage of my career where I felt comfortable to sort of , you know , '' Do n't worry about it , it 'll be all right . '' You know , I was n't at that 'Cause I did n't know whether it was going to be all right or not , you know ?
To be fair to the gaffer , he stood by us , did n't he ? He could have bought any player he wanted . He was under pressure around that time , the gaffer , was n't he ?
It just seemed like the magic dust literally had been sprayed all over the city . So it was good to see the football and the music thing . You know , what else is there ?
Oh , no ! At the time I did n't realise what would come after that . I never thought that I would have to go through what I went through .
Get in an arrow ! '' Alex Ferguson , in my view , could have been a great leader in any walk of life . If he 'd gone into business , he would have been a great business leader .
None of the players said a word to me . The only people that spoke to me was Gary , Scholesy , you know , the United players . And then Tony Adams came up to me and put his arm round me .
He would have understood . He was one of us . - One of us ?
We were there . You are losing me , Carl . Stevie .
You were a mate of my son . Why did I never meet you ? Met many of his mates , did you ?
You know , keeps me busy . Stops me thinking about Steven . Yes .
He does not recognize any of them . Then we are still looking . We now have Mr . Carver 's description of the boy at the flower stall .
Thought it would save time . He is a good journalist . No , he is not .
It is all surface . - You scratch it and there is nothing underneath . - It is all gone !
We are having an open space Next week . I know it is not great notice , However , we would love to show you . Any buyers ?
Yeah . Gilmore took it all down . - Okay .
Hot dog ? No , I am fine , thanks . - How are you ?
This is Stanley at Maxim Publishing . We are getting a bit anxious about the deadline . Ideally we 'd like to get this all tied up by the weekend .
They said it must be . They said it is for my boyfriend . Is that you ?
This game 's been going on for two years . Come on , find a spot . - This is Mick .
His eyes are going . He needs to see a specialist right away . Who is it ?
And you know that I do . What do you wan na do , just report the news for the rest of your life or do you want to make the news ? This is your opportunity .
Scotty , do n't be a schmuck ! Besides , I 'm thinking about Paul and Elaine in this whole thing . I mean , how can they say no to a guy who is about to
So , what is it you love about music ? Shut that thing off for a second and I 'll tell you the truth , all right ? Look-
Oh , fuck . I could show you how to do it , give you some hints but I 'll warn you , it 's very addictive . Well , I do n't have an addictive personality so just show me how to do it .
Princess cut . Platinum-banded , one and a half carat . There 's nothing quite like a ring ...
Daddy ! Some people say it was by chance , others , design . But who really knows ?
He ' s a smart , good-hearted 15-year-old kid ... with infinite potential . This is not some apron-wearing mother you 're speaking to . I know about your Valhalla decadence , and I should n't have let him go .
Tournament 's about to start . If you wait until Monday , we could go together . I have to report back to my boss before I get fired .
But five minutes ago , he touched this pen . - Vic is a Zeppelin fan . - I picked that up .
Your writing is damn good . It 's just a shame you missed out on rock ' n ' roll . - It 's over .
I checked you out with the desks in town . You did n't make any money off it . No , I did n't .
I 'll find out . I know he needs help . You think you have time for all this ?
I was married for 10 years . My husband was having an affair for five of them . They had another life here in the city .
And your time is just about up . Winnie needs to get past the pain you caused her . I caused her ?
I love you . I missed the last thing you said . - Your aura is purple !
Why do n't we just start with her agreeing to have dinner with you first , huh ? Well , at my age , I 'll take anything I can get . I had two beautiful children .
Please do n't smear it . But five minutes ago , he touched this pen . - Vic is a Zeppelin fan .
I need you to hold for one moment . You are not gon na believe who this is on the phone . - Who ?
I loved that horse . Yeah , I know you did . And then you went back looking for him and he was n't there .
Everything 's good . - I have an appointment scheduled . - Just check in with Melanie .
What you looking at ? Gus , are you all right ? Yeah , fine .
You were gone . Middle school , high school , college , nothing . For a long time , I thought I had done something wrong ... and that 's why you left .
Ice Cube does . See , this is what I 'm trying to teach you about versatility . It 's a crime he has n't won an Academy Award .
I did n't ask for this role ... but I 'll play it . Now go do your best. `` Be bold and mighty forces will come to your aid . ''
The movers finished up an hour ago . Did n't even leave a forwarding . He just left this .
Well , I 'll be back tomorrow afternoon to present to the client . No need to rush back . You can take off the rest of the week .
She passed just before the wedding . You know , my wife and I , we tried to call him so many times . Had n't seen him in years , and I read about what happened in the paper and I was just
No offense , dude , but that takes some major camouflage . Just let me worry about that , okay ? Okay , look , man .
I 'll ream you on the commission . I 'm gon na love the look on your face when I make so much money off this . I 'll have no choice but to walk away .
Nelson says he 's got a pretty little baby helping him out . What 's Matt Nelson doing in Gus 's territory ? They sent him down there .
Well , he said it . Well , he never tells me anything . Maybe he wants to .
I mean , I am really confused here . All these rules ... and all these sayings and nicknames . Honey , you 're too sweet for rock and roll .
What would be the terms ? If you can stay , we can work out the details over the next few days . I do n't know what to say .
Well , I was just doing the best I know how . Only a coward leaves their kid . You do n't know half of what you think you do .
You have to leave . I have this odd sense of intimacy towards you . I do n't even know why
You were n't servicing the loans , Ma . Well , they lied to me . They told me they were going to give me more time .
Charlie Fineman to see Dr. Johnson . - Did you wan na talk , Charlie ? - I 'll wait .
He 'll hurt us . Do n't go back in there . Are we really going to lead with this Babaco Solar ?
I 'll see you outside in 15 minutes . Moral hazard , that 's when somebody takes your money and is not responsible for it . This guy James , he must walk between raindrops .
Look , I could play this safe and tell you to take him . But you do n't want to do that . The kid 's hands drift .
Yeah . Dylan 's at the dentist right now , and actually , I think she has plans later . Really ?
People who work hard , pay their way , it do n't matter what their ethnic background is , I welcome with open arms in this country . It 's the people who think we owe them a living .
Yeah . - You do n't seem very confident . - Just do it .
Why do they call you Smell ? It 's kind of similar to Michelle , if you think about it . I do n't know , really , if I 'm being honest with you .
... now , they 're adult sizes and you 're a size four . But these have just come in from London . Are you ready for these ?
# One more time , baby # 54-46 # Was my number # Was my number # Right now , someone has got that number
It 's nice having a big family . Have you got a mum and dad ? Cos you have n't talked about your mum or dad .
It 's less expensive than war , particularly in human life . Might there be a time when we talk to the Argentines again ? No .
'Tommy Douglas . I need to see you right away . ' What is it , Dougie ?
Yeah , good team . Some of the best men we 've got . And then you came onboard ?
' I caught the side of the door instead . ' I kicked her . '' There 's no need for that , '' she said . 'Then I hit her on the head .
Mr Hunter , this goes right to the top . The Home Secretary is taking a personal interest . I 'm quite sure he is , sir .
About what ? Just leave it , Pete , please ! I 've got some bad news .
'Took your time . ' What have you got to tell me ? 'You have a date in Preston , Frenchwood Street . '
Come on , we should get a drink . Young couple just got married , right ? And he comes home on Friday night from t'pub and he says , '' I want to try a new sexual position . ''
Detective Chief Superintendent ! Do n't take it personally , Maurice . He 's had a shock .
I bet you 've warned them , but they never listen . Your voice is almost sad . To me , you 're like a bad angel on a mistaken journey .
That includes the Geordie accent on that tape . Bill Molloy was very , very certain that tape was genuine . Well , Bill Molloy 's off the case .
She wanted to see Reverend Laws . He 's helped me so much . I 'm really pleased that they 've become acquainted .
Can you imagine what that does to you ? Tell me about it , Dougie . I never got the chance to ask before .
Frightened to go over to the shops now . Anywhere near the Chapeltown area . It 's very frightening .
He never did shut up about things , did he ? He was calling people up , the papers , anybody who 'd listen . So someone put them on to him .
He was calling people up , the papers , anybody who 'd listen . So someone put them on to him . That shut him up .
`` The writer sat , scratching his arse , `` wishing he was n't middle class ... '' I 've met someone else .
Hello ? Everything you do is for the family , is it , Ian ? - Yeah , yeah .
What am I supposed to do ? My weakness is loving him . Dad 's home .
That 's what Ian says . - So you 're a bass player ? - Bass player , sandwich-maker , personal manager .
# Reasons to be cheerful , part three # Reasons to be cheerful One , two , three # Reasons to be cheerful , part three
Well , I do n't really think of myself as a singer , as it happens , I think of myself as more of an entertainer , really . You know , I always wanted to get up on a stage . Give it all that , you know .
So if you ca n't handle it , then fuck off . You think you can do without me , do you , Ian ? - Yeah .
I 'll tell you what , though . I 've just been offered a part in a film . To play an undernourished villain who wins in the end through love .
# On a normal fruit machine # So , you ask Joyce and Vicky # Who 's their favourite brickie
Mmm-hmm . - Your wife told me about ... - Mmm-hmm .
# When Tessie Trouble 's on patrol # And Suzie Sadness makes you blue # When Lennie Love come through the door
And this is my favourite way . # Skinny white sailor The chances were slender # The beauties were brief
Baxter ! There he is , here 's my son . These are all my friends .
Becks did it in a way that it did n't affect his football . And luckily for me , sort of they left me alone , and then Becks sort of took it on to the next level . GARY :
It 's a strange situation to be in , because we shared a room , I phone home and say , '' I 'm playing . '' Gary then phones home and says he 's not playing .
He 's a Manchester United player . He can talk about Manchester United . In French we say '' merveilleux malheur '' .
My middle name is Robert Joseph. `` Robert '' because of Bobby Charlton , and '' Joseph '' because of my granddad . My granddad was a Tottenham fan .
It was like , '' And Ryan , you 'll play on the left today . '' I was like , '' Did you say my name there ? '' And like ... started ... I do n't like flying .
You look at that line-up Manchester United had today , and Aston Villa , at quarter past two when they get the team sheet , it 's just going to give them a lift , and it 'll happen every time he plays the kids . He 's got to buy players . In truth , that night , watching Match Of The Day ,
If I was knackered at half , at dinner time , all I 'd want to do is put my feet up and I 'd look out window and I 'd see you and you practising and I 'd be thinking , `` I better get out there because I do n't want to be left out. `` I do n't want to get left behind . '' It 's like kids in the garden .
The romance of the last-minute never-say-die moment , of them winning I suppose was very special . That continuity between the Busby Babes being lost as a team , you know , that potential , that wonder , that was so tragically interrupted , and then being renewed by that manager again , ten years later to win the European Cup , and then 30 years later ,
And it was a tired ... I made the wrong decision . And when I give the penalty away , I remember thinking , '' Life 's over .
And as I said , we 've all failed at some time , have n't we ? That 's why it was so rewarding , I think , when we won what we did , and did what we did , and it 's more rewarding with , you know , between us . When Phil really broke in was the ' 96 season , ' 95/ ' 96 season .
And they were probably doing the same . You can probably just imagine them speaking to each other. `` Phil , have you seen these ?
A point of connection was established . Becks had always been comfortable with that . Right from the start really , where I was n't as comfortable with it .
Because knowing something will be doing . Is the only thing that is keeping me together . Do you understand ?
What are you going to do ? I am going to fill you up until you are fit to burst . You see , this stuff ,
Stop it ! You can leave whenever you want . - Is that what you want ?
Yeah . This is a good steak . This is not a good steak .
You do not really get wiser . You know , you actually understand less . You do not get courageous .
Actually , it is quite busy . Is that suppose to make me feel better . Christina not coming ?
What is your secret ? I think you have got to really , want it . Listen , I should be heading off .
Rachel was saying that , He ... he 'd been spending a lot more time out at night when I was away . He was a teenage kid .
Okay ? Might be a little bit later . I got to swing by Mom 's .
Is he Liz 's brother ? - Uncle Ned , the brother of Aunt Liz . How is everybody ?
I told everybody a hundred times ! Well , then tell me again . Take me through it minute by minute .
You get them playing '' Shout '' and you hate it . [ SINGING THE ISLEY BROTHERS ' '' SHOUT '' ] JEREMY :
Yeah . You call me after you talk to him , okay ? All right .
You know I love you . - It 's good to see you . - Good to see you .
No , I ca n't speak to that . Then are we sure that he was involved in this ? Yes .
Grandma ! - Get the gun from her ! Put the gun down !
The mothers that live around that field , they 're kind of nosy , and they have a really great Neighborhood Watch program . Detective , I 'm not gon na argue with you . I 've got no reason to lie about eating my sandwich at Memorial Park , whether I show up there at 3 : 00 or 12 : 00 or park my truck a foot away from where it was the day before .
What ? - Everything he told you is a lie . CLAIRE :
Yeah . No , I 'll be right in . - I should ...
`` Judy and Samuel met during their freshman year at Michigan State University . '' `` Family will receive friends 4 : 30 to 6 : 30 Saturday . '' `` Saint Theodore Ohurch . ''
Have some of this stuff . I did n't get a lot of sleep last night , John . I 'm fried .
Why are you crying ? You 're 40 minutes late , Ryan ! I know .
We 're gon na have to start this level all over ! I lost my job at the magazine three months ago . I do n't know .
Yeah , well , get what you want to go . Ferry leaves in 25 minutes . We got ta get out of here .
Okay , it can get confusing up here . If you have a problem , just give me a call . CLAIRE :
Today marks the fourth day since little Ohristie Dillon 's disappearance . Her father Paul held a news conference out in front of his house to defend himself against accusations that he somehow may have been involved . Gonz , you want it ?
Let 's ask her for a date . Or um ... you know , play date . Yeah .
No , she wo n't come here . Well , do you have a picture ? Yes .
And do n't wake my baby . You can have a baby with Jody , but you wo n't fuck me ? You better get to the couch before I call your parole officer .
Come on . I 'll show you the backyard . Come on .
That 's fucked up . I ca n't believe this shit . You okay ?
Then what about me ? Well , I like your face . And your , really , your beautiful breasts .
Sure . Do you wan na come with me to Raleigh and have dinner with my kids ? If I had left 15 minutes ago , I 'd still be late .
I 'm not stupid . is a three-pack and there 's one left . Tell me the truth !
I ca n't do this . I promise it 'll be good . No , this shit is foul .
I do n't know if I ever did . God , that is so sad . But now , you know , just ...
My car ! Go on with all that , girl . I 'm here asleep .
Listen , I ca n't -- Well , again , I ca n't tell you how sorry I am , but we 'll see things are fair and square you know , property wise . Now , uh , I need your e-sig ... Oh , gee-whiz .
Whatever . Let 's go to Lucy 's then . - Cheese enchiladas .
I got ta ask my woman and her mama for money . How do you think that makes me feel ? Like a man ?
Yeah ? Oh , well , we used to take the kids snorkeling when they were ... when they were little .
I ca n't tell you how sorry I am . Tell me you 'll be okay . I 'll be okay .
Open the door . If this food gets cold , I 'm gon na be mad . Since you 're being honest , just be real .
[ girl ] How long will you be in New Mexico ? Maybe like a week or so . Do n't let her out at night ...
Yeah . I just have one thing I have to do . [ Kiss ]
[ exhales ] The Society For the Preservation Of Creative Anachronisms . Uhm
My son dinged her in the head . She has a mid case of amnesia . That 's what the doctor said .
But sad eyes . [ Wolf ] You want to talk about it ? - No .
to be called up by Search and Rescue later , ok ? I got other things to do . [ slow music ] [ sighs ]
At least that 's what all the books say . She 'll see something for example and all of a sudden [ Snap ] Memory .
I mean ... Eric , that was a bad idea . A mistake .
[ mellow music and indistinct chattering ] [ Ruben ] ... but it does warm you up . [ screaming and laughing ]
[ Gwen ] Wow . You know a lot about this place , do n't you ? I had a good teacher .
Hmm . * Toyland toyland , little girl and boyland ... * Wait you can sing .
Well I hope they include improving your grades . It 's what you learn that counts . Not what kind of grades you get .
[ slow music plays ] [ sounds of nature ] [ pen dragging on paper ] [ paper rips ] [ music continues ]
I have a proposition . I thought you were n't interested . A financial proposition .
Now , these are the only two atomic weapons ever used in warfare . They represent one of the greatest scientific achievements of all time . And both bombs were designed , fabricated , and assembled right here in Los Alamos .
Does it really matter if I do or not ? Everything you need is right here . [ Sigh ]
[ Sigh ] [ Whispers ] You were right Meg . [ Whispers ] You 're not my wife .
Do n't worry , Daddy . I mean , how can I not worry ? [ Davey laughs ] [ door slams open ] [ Davey gasps for air ]
Alright keep your eyes closed . Do n't open them until I say now alright ? Do n't open them until I say now .
Jase . Do n't you want to go finish the game ? [ Jason ] Finish it yourself !
Totally . I just had to get you back for Africa . Come on .
Did you just use the L word with Dick ? We said it last night . Jen !
I think they heard it in Uganda . It was a lot easier when he was Lou 's age . Of course , let me help you out here .
I 'm sorry . I naturally just assumed you were divorced . It 's okay .
I was 90 percent goofy and 10 percent loser . Well , I was 60 percent Urkel and 40 percent Screech . Put it to you this way :
Why are n't you getting in ? Is your mom afraid of the water ? Good one , Mom .
What are you drawing , honey ? It 's a picture of elephants stomping on your head and making you dead . - Heh-heh-heh .
You know , I 'm curious . With so many possible reasons which one 's the one your wife left you for ? Cancer .
You hear things . I hear a lot of things . And you know a lot about drugs .
I can . So , how 's the drinking thing going ? ( sighs )
LUTHOR : Sir , I feel the department should formally express its regrets to Mrs. Van Aldan . Cindy did not commit suicide .
Jesse . Can I help you , Jesse ? Your hair smells of violets .
If we are to remain friends , you 'll have to allow me my personal vanities and my double standards . It was nice seeing you , Jesse Stone . HEALY :
You could go to jail . It 's been five days , and knowing you , I 'm sure you 've broken some laws by now .
As '' Officers , '' sir . Chief Stone had a problem in that ... He did n't like Officer D'Angelo .
It 's Jim 's night with the boys . You do n't want me to be alone . That 's correct .
I got to go outside to the point . Keep a bottle of scotch out there ? That 's not funny .
CINDY : But I do n't know what that 's supposed to mean . - You 're saying I have issues ?
Booze is your drug of choice . Did you come here for help , or did you come here for information ? I came here for help ... and information .
I have no idea . When I asked you what happened , I meant , why did you lose contact with her ?
( on phone ) : Good afternoon , Paradise Police Department . Luthor , I 'm on the beach road going out to Jesse 's .
I do . Are you going to tell me ? I ca n't tell you .
Did you change your mind about picking up the check ? Hey , I 'm a pensioned retiree . If you say so .
But bend the left leg and then switch . Bring the arms in and then around that way . Let me see .
But yeah . I like it very much . Are we worried about this fabric getting super pilly ?
So I 've fussed with it a little bit , and we 'll do some more on Tuesday and Wednesday . But the second movement , you were happier with that ? - I 'm really happy with it .
That 's what I 'm looking for . That 's what I 'm looking for . It 's like the balance of these is off .
Thanks . - So it 's like the boys , Justin . - If we stay like this ...
That was good , though . It 's almost like you need one more step , huh ? - Yeah .
Yes . But then that 's what we also have a wardrobe department for . Wow .
And such . Dancers , please sign in if you have n't . - Hey .
Thanks . This is really bad right here , - and it , like , hurts to point .
Yeah . - They 'd feel like , '' Yeah , it matters that we play well , and it 's a big deal . '' - Okay .
Out and around . I liked it the first time , but now I kind of miss the ... after the turn ...
Have you ever noticed when you hear a word for the very first time in your life , you will hear that word again within 24 hours ? Do you ever wonder why sometimes you 'll see a single shoe lying alongside the road ? I 've been watching you for some time , but there are great gaps in my knowledge .
The fucking Soy Sauce is digging a fucking hole in my fucking face ! I 'll throw myself at the cop and beg him to take me to the emergency room to pump my stomach , to bring in an exorcist , to call in the Air Force to nuke this whole town into radioactive dust and bury it under 60 ' of concrete !
Okay . You made a lucky guess . You see ?
A book ? Meaning a work of fiction ? Meaning it 's all bullshit ?
You know what I think ? I think stuff is both real and not real at the same time . I 'm not a Star Trek fan .
It 's got you . At least nine people at the One Ball Inn at closing time 12 hours ago ... three are missing . Your friend is here .
What ? I went with the Old Testament . Okay .
Do you ... have any experience with , like ... demonism ? Like hauntings , possessions and all that ? Look , people say they see things or hear voices in their head , we generally refer them to a counselor .
Oh , I 'll get to that . - It makes you smarter when you take it . It lets you read minds and all that .
Because ... time is an ocean ... not a garden hose . Space is a puff of smoke , a wisp of cloud . Your mind ... is a flying corn snake , hovering through all the possibilities .
Make that the story . Hell , let ' em see the effects themselves . Just feed that shit to a lab rat and watch the fun begin ... watch that thing start levitating and speaking French !
You know , a lot of them do n't even care , to tell you the truth . Now , that 's your first type , right , your Joe Six-Pack cracker type fella . Yeah , and he 's like your basic pig , right ?
Sweetie , we need to talk . We 've needed to for a while . I have .
No , what we 're talking about here is your basic secondary type of fella , the fella that thinks he 's a great lover , your sensitive male smoothie type . Now , what they 're into is a woman 's pleasure . And giving the woman pleasure , that 's this type 's whole trip .
I believed that she could save me . Well , I 'm aware of how all this sounds . I can see that look on your face .
That 's funny . I was just thinking about that , the day I met her . Yeah , I was thinking about this moment , and , it was such a long time ago , you know , and I was so young .
But what he really wants to do is give her a special disconnected telephone number and never contact her again . And that the reason for this cold and victimizing behavior is that the very connection that he had worked so hard to make her feel terrifies him . Do you see how open I 'm being with you here ?
I 'm sorry ? Which parts did n't you like ? Daniel , it 's not that I did n't like it .
I 'm sorry , is what this is , right , science ? It 'll be used for ... oh , never mind , never mind . You know what you 're doing .
And she was n't melodramatic about it , but she described herself as literally paralyzed with terror . It was something about his eyes . She said she knew instantly in the depths of her soul that this man 's intentions were to brutally rape , torture , and kill her and that by the time the psychotic had exited into a secluded area and actually said what his true intentions were ,
He 's not in the first wave out . He 's not in the second wave out , how they come out . Jesus , I ought to ... the amount of fucking time I spend in baggage .
Just hangin ' back , you know , in her kitchenette , some such . And usually what I 'll do is , I 'll go , '' Oh , it 's so hot in here .
Jonas . What I 'm about to tell you , you must never repeat to anyone . I do n't believe Jonas is lost .
Two , from this moment , you are exempt from all rules governing rudeness . You may ask any question . Three , aside from your daily injections you may not receive other medicines .
Do we think Jonas is brave enough ? Jonas , you have been selected as our next receiver of memory . Thank you for your childhood .
There you go , it 's okay . Some people have it , huh ? - That 's just not fair .
Does n't that tell him that something is wrong ? The young and the old are killed . You 're friend , Fiona , she will soon be trained to release as well .
I did n't ever wan na go back . I did n't want the wisdom . Did n't want the pain .
I genuinely hoped Jonas would help you . You 'd have a fresh start , the two of you would work together . Which it seems you have .
Done . That was n't so bad , was it ? That 's death .
People are selfish . When people have a freedom to choose , they choose wrong . Every single time .
I do n't think you failed . I think you succeeded with your plan . Ever since the girl was released you have n't been the same .
Thank you . Let me get through it . Oh , fine .
Their echoes were gone to the other side of history . I 'm asked if I should apologize for what I did . I 'll let you decide .
I gave her the memory of the child . A child taken from her mother . I gave her loss too soon .
What so dangerous ? Well , for a sled you need snow . Snow is cold .
So how about some food ? Shall I make us a little Christmas fettuccine ? - Sure .
This FedEx was leaning on the gate . From a little town called London , England . Friend of mine 's writing a book , and I give him notes sometimes .
What ? Do I have something on my lip ? Just look !
Sorry she could n't be here . She 'll be back in about 10 days . Her loss is our gain .
I never met my father . - Now you know he was interesting . - Lindsay Lohan .
Like , possibly , what a complete ass I am . I do recall you promising me you would n't fall in love with me . Must pay better attention .
I thought they were kidding . And then I saw a suitcase out of the corner of my eye in the hallway . And my dad moved out that night .
Okay , Norman , you are calling me for pinochle . - I got your cell , I 'll be in touch . - Okay , pound right here .
Or did , before you went off like that . I ca n't figure out the mathematics of this . I just know I love you .
I 'll see you later at the Writers Guild . I mean , if you can still make it . I got ta get all the way to Silver Lake , but I 'm gon na try to be there .
None were written by him , of course . I saw a couple today . They were fantastic .
Let me just get you a blanket . In the cupboard , on top of the Scrabble . So why is it you are n't quite yourself at the moment ?
I 'll tell you , man ... when y'all whipping pass go on the low ... whoo ... y'all motherfuckers go on the low . This is Gutta and Slim . Lem me tell you one thing , man .
Look at me . Go home , kiss Angie good night , kiss your kids good night , get some fucking sleep and thank God for all you 've got . I 'm fucked ...
How could I not , right ? Just live long enough to get a retirement good enough to have a nice pension and what else is there ? What are you gon na do between now and that pension ?
Easy . Easy easy easy easy easy . Slow slow slow slow slow slow .
Connecticut , anywhere . It does n't matter to me . I do n't care .
# Ai n't no mistaking it , nigga , what 's yours is mine # # No need to second-guess it ... # # Check I 'm the gloss and grind #
Yeah , a thing or two crossed my mind , but ... I guess you 'll never know , will you ? Jesus , fine , all right , I bite , go .
Uh , new paltz . What 's the capital of New York ? All right , we 'll try again , but there are rules .
We 're gon na starve . Not if you like mustard . Why do n't you have food ?
You could catch it . Then I do n't care what you do with it . Actually that was n't terrible .
Like it 's really close . And did you really fake it ? What are you talking about ?
Look , all I 'm saying is that there 's a lot of stuff that I do n't know about you and there 's a lot that we need to talk about . I spent two nights with you , and that 's not enough time . Give me more time , please .
Just a surprise , I got into both my top choices but now I 'm simply just trying to decide . It 's a big decision and -- and obviously my dad has opinions -- Megan , Megan ?
We 're getting forecasts of a hurricane-force blizzard coming tonight ... Oh , Megan , right where I left you . How adorable .
I promise that you 're gon na find this all very funny some day . Okay , let 's make a deal . You give me your number , and leave .
Actually that was n't terrible . You should put on heels and try it . Yeah , you 're right , this is weird .
She might look angelic , and I 'm sure she can make a mean martini , but she also has a revolver strapped to her thigh . You take her out quick . Wild West shit .
I mean , most of ' em work their arses off to get what we just take for granted . Makes you realise you 're not quite as special as you once thought . Bloody hell , Chris , that was bordering on self-deprecation .
No , just feels right to us . Well , that 's the important thing . - Nathan Lightfoot .
It 's not much fun for me listening to you playing on that thing , mate . - Put the comedy channel on . - When I 'm on sentry , you do what you like .
But if you think for yourself , if you think outside of the box , then you will be unhappy and you will fail . '' That 's how the education system works . Left turn .
This is why we 're here ? I said take a seat . Luke !
All right , fine . I 'll find you , all right ? Nice girl .
Keep to the left of the centre of the road . Are you an only child , Scott ? Enrahah .
I 'm Muslim , knob . - You all look alike to me anyway . - So , what was this , then ?
Leave it there , mate . I 'm like a young Mark Hughes . Watch us now .
She was only 15 ... - She was only 15 years old . You were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off .
It 's a miracle . I 'd like a vodka martini , shaken , but not stirred . I 'd like a vodka martini , shaken , not stirred .
? Wish me luck as you wave me goodbye ! ?
You wanted to go out for dinner , did n't you ? I 'll just go and get changed , and then we can go . I was thinking we could go to that little Italian .
She 's been texting me . - Me too , she 's getting worse . - I know , bless her .
Do we ? - No , she 's an adult now , your big sister . - Unfortunately .
I 'm 44 . I 've been 41 for three years . I 've been telling people I 'm 41 three years .
Look , how long have you actually known Lisa ? Do you want to be the one who has to tell her parents exactly what she was doing when she died ? Look , I 'm acting skipper of this ship .
Bless her . She ate three chicken legs and four jam tarts and then wants to tell me she 's starving . The little piglet .
Someone needs to tell them . Why are n't we going home ? We are .
Oh ! That sounds like a challenge to me ! Yeah ... !
Check your mirrors , your seat , make yourself comfortable . - No , I do n't think so . - Seat belt on .
When they finally call off the search , your house will be in such a state as to warrant a generous compensation payment from the taxpayer , amid claims that your reputation has been unfairly tainted . Repeat this procedure four times over a 12-month period and rest assured even the fire brigade would n't dare enter your property if the whole fucking street were ablaze . Step 4 .
Common criminal . You lack the courage to be anything ... Memorable .
And it 's the same with the turtles , Don . I mean , there 's so many of them as well . Well , fucking ...
It 's really gorgeous , but , you know , I ca n't really enjoy it . I 'm with a short Welsh man who does impressions . It 's not fun .
Je suis un homme qui ... - Vous n'êtes pas un homme ! Vous êtes un soldat .
That 's right , pull yourselves up . Now , let 's stir the bowl . OK , big movements .
Oh , come on ! ( Mum ) ' I 'm sick of it ! Go !
He could n't even pick up a gun , let alone use it . If you want a romantic dinner , you 're going about it the wrong way . Whoa , whoa , whoa !
But it can all be over very soon . I just need one of you to own up to sending the postcard ... - and then we 're all done here .
Why do n't you have something nice up there like a giant strawberry ? Believe you me , it works . - OK , stop !
My name is Harvey Miller . - What 's your date of birth , Harvey ? April 19th , 1989 .
So you just watched while Chris pushed him around ? I did n't see the fight . But I saw Felix .
Paul . I do n't think of you in the same way as you suspected . But I 'm sure there 's someone out there who does .
( Moans ) The slug 's probably torn right through your liver . Mate of mine in Ulster got caught in sniper fire .
What do you mean it 's not gon na happen ? Well , I mean , it could . I pulled you .
# I ca n't get used to my heart # Happy and free , running wild # Tearing my old life apart
Then , of course , with this one , you 've got some little Manx Queenies , which are baby queen scallops . They are resting on grilled baby gem and parsnip coulis as well as a light , creamy horseradish sauce . - Thank you .
I like Queen , see . No , they 're not like Queen . Any cabs here ?
Just go talk to him . He said he was sorry . I 'm so done with him .
Yeah . He 's got something special planned for Lucky . - Can I help you , mate ?
Lovely . There 's usually another chair here . But we put it outside for later .
You could give up being too nice . Seriously , you ca n't make everyone happy . There 's no harm in trying , though , is there ?
In you go ! - How many bubbles do you want ? Loads ?
If it ever gets to court . I wo n't take up any more of your time . I 'll let you know when there 's some further developments .
I must have done that . It 's a plate with a big chip in it . - Who 's gon na buy that for 70 quid ?
She had too much to drink . Went outside to clear her head . That were last that I saw of her .
Only you do n't catch God poncing about in his underpants . ( # '' Bewitched , Bothered and Bewildered '' by Hart and Rogers ) ( Posner ) ?
Maybe . ♪ Lay my head on the ground ♪ ♪ There wo n't be a sound As the dawn comes down ♪
I 'm going home , and anyone who has n't lost their bottle can follow . I 'll see you tonight or I 'll see you around . Might see him today .
`` o'ercome with sufferings strange and wild , I wept as I had been a child . '' Yes .
Come on , give us a kiss , huh ? Do n't you fucking touch me ! Get it out ... get it out of me !
I need answers . You can see that , right ? Yeah , I mean , you 're obviously upset about what happened .
Look at that . It 's a chocolate inverted comma . He 's got an ironic dessert .
Boring for me . You 're not suggesting that I do something about it ? It happens .
Thanks . - How much do you charge ? - I did warn you , Brian .
Alright I understand what he 's saying . - We do n't even know where he 's from . - I think he 's from ...
Let the flare go . The boys come back to us . We would n't even be in Spain if it were n't for you !
I 'm just doing this thing . Hi , I 'm Tyko from The Make . You 're watching Eco Lobby .
It 's fantastic . - I 've always wanted to do it . Bit of that .
Then soft-pedal it , the acting side , anyway . Dons , most dons think the theatre is a waste of time . Music is all right , though , is n't it ?
Draw that curtain round . And give me my left shoe . - Did you want one ?
Prudence tears up toilet paper . Ena thinks she 's still the King 's housemaid and ca n't stop stealing stuff . Clive 's had a stroke , so all he can say is , '' One out . ''
You will never get it back . So you think about what you 've got and if you really want to lose it and have nothing . Do n't think for one minute you 'll have me , because you will not .
No , they 're gon na corrode , but if I threw them in a river , if push came to shove , I could hire a team of scuba divers to retrieve them , but , you know , the gesture is the important thing . No , the family 's more important .
What are you doing here ? You two know each other ? You know Niko ?
Well , why are n't we going now ? Until that moment , everyone stays right here where I can see them . Why do n't you fix us a meal ?
Bye ! - Plant a kiss there , oh ! See you later .
No , you 're right , I ca n't . And it does n't help that you keep turning her against me . I do not !
This is a huge bed . We could easily share this bed . It might be huge to you .
The guy that used to live here . Now he lives in the old glove factory in the other side of town . Yeah !
You do n't want to try and go and kiss a girl with a big lump of chicken stuck inside of one of your molars . See that strikes me as odd , that a man at our age would be thinking about trying to kiss girls . - Hi , sorry .
You 've ... not changed a bit . - Ca n't believe it 's been six months . - It 's been a year .
I hear something . Trust you to buy the world 's hardest lock . There is 1.6 million quid in there .
That 's all . So why do you need a driver ? Well , if you do n't want to help your best mate out , fine .
You think you just talked your way out of police custody , no extra boost ? Was the money and heroin in Roper 's office the only thing tying him to the drugs and the robbery ? - His fingerprints were on ' em .
Good . You know , I 'm not ashamed of who I am . I 'm not ashamed of who I was .
Do ... # Do , re , mi , fa , sol , la , ti , do # Do , re , mi , fa , sol , la , ti
The Merc ? I stole it off Lucky . Listen to me , I 'm being serious .
Do you want to be Shakin ' Stevens or Elvis ? You know what I mean ? Do you want to be the Monkees or do you want to be the Beatles ?
Mum ! I want to watch '' Arthur C Clarke '' ! Mum !
This is where we are . All this trouble now , we do n't need him . No , no , no ...
# I played all my cards # Now it 's hurting me , and now I 'm going to kill some Jews under the floor . Und that 's what you 've done too .
I am so sorry about Dane . It 's just that he 's not used to the idea of me ... You do n't have to explain .
Yeah ? Slashing girls in their face ? Fat boy .
I mean , I might have ... If I would have thought about it . But ...
One of us is gon na have to go at it , Kim . You want me to run through a glass door ? Babe ?
♪ If you do n't rearrange us ♪ ♪ If you do n't rearrange us ♪ ♪ If you do n't rearrange ♪
I 'm from the North . The North has an identity of itself . Yeah , not the same way that Wales does .
I 'm fine . - Well , have a sit down , then . - I 'm alright by here .
Well , how are we getting in then ? All right , let 's hear it . The plan has always been to go in through the front door .
Now come on . Let 's have a little bit of professionalism in here . We 're just messing about , right ?
7 is a bit bigger , but I prefer 15 . Maybe you want to see it ? Um ... yes , I think I would .
I did n't shank her and his bitch mate might deserve a beating . Trust me , Malor , you do n't win that way . - Trust me ?
I do n't know where you are . Somebody get me out of here . Who 'd have thought that would catch on , eh ?
♪ That 's just something A girl like me would n't do ♪ ♪ I will not wait for you ♪ ADAM :
I have been trying to draw you out of yourself , in case you had n't twigged . God , what 's the worst that could happen ? Kids eat some cake and we lift the grim bloody pallor of mortality for a few glorious moments .
Shut up , Josh ! It 's the most corrupt place on earth . There 's no way they 'd convict .
Oi , Dixie ! - Come back if you think you 're so tough ! - Stop it !
Yeah . We were in school together . - I sincerely doubt it .
I 'll explain to you . Do you know how much it costs to buy an American senator ? I do not .
♪ From the first half fever Till the cold goodbye ♪ ♪ I 've broken a few hearts They ripped mine ♪ ♪ Then I say never , never , never again Only one night stands for me ♪
What have you done ? He was trying to help us ! Kim ...
You do n't mind ... do you mind coming to say ... - Physically ?
Now get outta here . I do n't feel like it . You never feel like it .
It 's going to happen . I just wanted to say thank you . So ?
Trust me ? We wo n't end to fill the third line of the law . We should be the one to administer it .
What 's so good about badgers ? I like badgers because they 're bad-tempered and they look good . And ...
Lucky ! - I hope to see you again . - Yeah .
Right , now , when the alarm is triggered in a place like the Rise Club , it sends a message to the security firm that covers it , in this case , Steven Roper Securities . The alarm was triggered at approximately 11 : 15 . Emergency services received a call from a local resident at 11 : 16 stating that the alarm at the club was active and had been for about a minute .
They are real people , not toys ! They were little boys and girls as well once ! I do n't want to live here !
You know what , dude ... ? You do n't have to answer every single question . Seriously !
We 'll hear him screaming from next door . And then one day he disappeared and moved out here . You like ?
Hey , how is he ? He 's been asleep since he got here . Anything I can do ?
You do n't have to ... - Might as well buy a bottle , right ? - Bring it on , my good man .
I should just say that . Drinking the wine makes me feel quite sophisticated . A bit like , you know , James Bond ordering a martini .
That I sent the postcard ? - Well , I know I did n't send it . You bitch , you 're gon na set me up , are n't you ?
♪ Andi will see your frown In the furrows of the mud ♪ ♪ Make me weak at the knees ♪ ♪ Andi will see your eyes In the bark of the trees ♪
That 's a lot of money and it 's a rough area , and I 'm a gentleman . I took the notes with Roper 's prints , stamped them at the club and added them to the rest . I used the print-covered cellophane to rewrap the gear we stole from Roper before we planted it in his office .
Just ... she 's ... Th ... they 're not going to get here ... By the time they 're here , we 'll be gone .
♪ To fall down at your door ♪ ♪ Da , da , da Da , da , da ♪ LAKE Oh , my God .
It 's quite a chestful of medals . Are you in the middle of a game ? No .
Cos most of the DI 's would give their right arm to be in fraud or a cushy number like that , do you know what I mean ? Sergeant Hicock , if you refer to a notice of death as a death-o-gram again I 'll have you reprimanded before the Superintendent .
Well , I 'm beginning to regret inviting you both round . Now ... let 's have some coffee . George has got some news .
You know my guarantee ! Could we go fishing tonight ? I 've always wanted to go night fishing .
I felt that a bit . The best moments in reading are when you come across something- a thought , a feeling , a way of looking at things- that you 'd thought special , particular to you , and here it is , set down by someone else .
# And I long for the truth # And I long to be free # Free with you
I like him a lot . '' Do you find as you get older ... food gets stuck in your teeth more ? Oh , yes .
I mean ; There 's no hierarchy , is there ? I do n't want to rain them in , not like you .
Where have you been ? I called you four times last night . You did n't call me back .
They do n't even try to hide it now . I found a needle in the toilets last week . You think Sid would say something .
Well , she does n't know , Justin . She 's saying it because she 's scared . Gemma dumped Chris because of Felix .
Listen , sweetheart , honey . I 've got to go to work . So , Dane will be home any second I promise .
I 'm just trying to figure it out . Stop looking at that and play . Or go home and jump in your hole .
But if you came back as a person , you get a chance to put it right again . Let me tell you a secret . Being a person is a pain in the arse .
That is an open invitation . A bit of food sees that , he goes running towards it . It 's not good if you 're on a date .
C'est ça ! Dakin est un soldat blessé . Un mutilé de guerre .
My mother gave it to him on their honeymoon . He gave it to me years later when they 'd separated . I think ... that must have been the last time I saw my father .
No . Reminds me of the kind of place where , like , Wuthering Heights ... Oh , Wuthering Heights .
That 's us . - You got a problem with that , Scott ? - No , nothing to do with me .
? There were angels dining at the Ritz ?
One , two , three , four . [ GUITAR PLAYING INTRO TO '' YOU INSTEAD '' ] ♪ He got loved up on the seashore ♪
I do n't want to live here ! I want things to be like they were . I want my room back !
♪ Darling , I 'll kiss your eyes ♪ ♪ Lay down on your rug ♪ ♪ Just give me some candy ♪
There you go . I 'll just get my bag , all right ? I 'm a good driving instructor .
Other way around , what if ... If you were to allow your child to have an illness , you could win , say , a BAFTA . You could have a film BAFTA if ... an illness the child would recover from but would have some discomfort .
♪ But give in mind my selfish ways ♪ ♪ and hedonistic things ♪ I feel like sex-on-a-stick in this outfit . Lucky for Paul .
About to launch it . What , to launch an iPhone app with your ... Rob Brydon , Small Man in a Box .
You can come in here night and day . It could be somewhere you can call home . A place , where you learn life .
Hello ? - Hey Ange , it 's Michelle , can we talk ? Yeah , sorry , Now is not a good time actually .
I see this ... pretty pair of eyes ... .. and I guess we just liked the look of each , so ... I cut in on Bob , and Kath and me , we spent the rest of the night dancing together .
I do n't know , mate . He 's going to kill us , Luke . And when he 's killed us , he 'll kill you .
I know . As you can see , the sun is now on the other side of the ... - Hello .
If it had n't have been for him , I would n't have met my Kath . It was a service dance , and Bob 's dancing with this girl ... And ...
with you , anyway . I think I better go home before I 'm sick . Anna , thank you so much for coming .
It 's good , is n't it ? Pick Of the Week in the NME . If they said be here at 7 : 20 , that 's when we need to be here .
Speak up , Mummy . - Have a lovely , lovely time . - Hello , George .
Alright , yeah , I 'll get there , do n't worry . Wait , wait , wait , wait , wait . Please , just calm down .
♪ Darling I 'll bathe your skin ♪ ♪ I 'll even wash your clothes ♪ ♪ Just give me some candy Before I go ♪
Now you have to dance around it a hundred times . Their hand comes out and you can ask it questions . Come on .
Sorry , I did n't realize we were into Oprah Winfrey territory . Are you seriously saying you were abused as a child when you were an altar boy ? Only verbally .
Irwin 's your man . - It 's really just the icing on the cake . - Is art ever anything else ?
I told you boys it 's happening . You got to trust me . And listen , you 're headlining here next Thursday .
If you tell Jem , you 'll be making the biggest mistake of your life . - You-You just ca n't face it . - No !
On Christmas Day , Arnold Doughty , 90 , went blue and died . So far , there has been no communication from him . ( Laughter )
You tell me the truth ... - .. and I wo n't hurt you any more . - Fuck off , all right ?
Maybe it 's because I do n't wan na hurt Gemma . You do n't care who you hurt . One .
My father gave it to me when I started working . His father gave it to him . You know , I was 15 when I started working .
No , you went up at the end like you watch Australian soaps . Yes , did you see I did on my face ? Come , come , Mr . Bond , you get just as much pleasure from killing as I do ?
You do n't think I ought to tell her ? Why would you tell her ? I-I do n't know .
It 's just to the south of Doncaster . Only , I think I 've just had a better offer . I think you have .
I like you . I really , really like you . And now the '' But . ''
It is exceptional . If you 're alright , I 'm busy . Oh c'mon boss , have a bust at this .
Now , I 'm sure you 're wondering about the money . After all , was n't that the point ? As you said earlier , it 's a shame it had n't worked out , and you were right , it had n't worked out , not yet , anyway , so here 's the fun part .
It is 555 feet above the ground and 111 feet below the ground . 555 plus 111 is 666 . 666 , Poppy . 666 .
But he had no memory of what caused it . I suppose the last thing he remembered was me asking him out for a drink . Something we never did , incidentally .
[ alarm blares ] That 's when confusion takes over . [ thunder ] [ alarm blares ]
What tape ? Sean , you better tell them they ca n't . Tell them .
I 'm afraid the investigation 's still in progress . When did you last see him ? ( Harry ) Er ...
Once you 're inside you got ta work as a unit . Look at his body position . He 's not in control of that weapon .
I 'm probably gon na have to batter this lad tomorrow . It 's not ideal , but I do n't a fucking choise . I was thinking that the few of us ...
I want to be by myself . - Clear your own stuff up ! - I will !
See this boys ... This is all I 've got . I ai n't got no family .
( Harry groans ) ( Hicock ) Mr Brown , can you hear me ? Do you remember me ?
`` Yet portion of that unknown plain Will Hodge for ever be ; His homely Northern breast and brain Grow to some Southern tree , And strange-eyed constellations reign His stars eternally . ''
# Wish me luck as you wave me goodbye The peace of God , which passes all understanding , keep your hearts and minds in the knowledge and love of God and of His Son , Jesus Christ , our Lord , and the blessing of God Almighty . The Father , the Son and the Holy Spirit be upon you and remain with you , this day and always .
Came through it , though . You 're a harder man than me . - Like that were ever in question .
What would have been really nice is if you got up this morning ... If you learned that poem , which I appreciate , even though it was meant to intimidate me . If you got up this morning and said the poem in your own voice and meant the words .
You 'll be sorry . He 'll have you counting paper clips for a week . No , listen to me , right ?
It 's just a little bit further up . Am I going to get the silent treatment all night ? You 're just too moody sometimes , do you know that ?
Hello , handsome . I can see you 're in a hurry , so we 'll make this quick . Yeah .
I 'm just warming up . Last week I did a exact replica to scale of Wrigley Field . - Ha , ha .
You did n't have to do that . Oould have done this on another night . No , I 've been waiting for this all day .
I do n't know . I thought the season was over . I was looking forward to taking a break for a little bit .
My turn for what ? Tell me something about you . Oome here .
You do n't think we 're gon na win this case , do you ? Is n't this hard for you ? Yeah .
MAN : The noise brought on you . - Here it comes .
What 's tummy sticks ? I do n't want to play . Get in the closet .
And then I told him I hate black people . Okay , and how did he react to that ? He laughed , and ... he was kind of weirded out , more uncomfortable than freaked , I think , because he 's a white guy .
Oan he speak ? Pretty sure you dislocated your shoulder , miss . Now I 'm just gon na get you something ...
Well , a bicycle , that would take a lot of balloons and Uncle Jeremy 's a little tired right now so why do n't we do something like , let 's say , a giraffe ? I just want a bicycle ! Why are you yelling at me ?
You look really pretty , by the way . That 's all I 'm gon na say . I ca n't stop thinking about you .
I was looking forward to taking a break for a little bit . John , what are you talking about ? This is the Kentucky Derby of weddings .
[ CHUCKLING ] And , uh , I thank God every day for sending me a friend like Craig . I love you , man .
Thanks for the offer , Prefontaine . Well , that 's never gon na happen . Besides , I do n't have time to train .
Gloria , come on ! You know I 'm not gon na give in to this kind of behavior . She 's like a kid at Toys '' R '' Us .
Stunning , really . Police showed up on the scene and found him trying to open the trapdoor that led to the hidden cellar under the house . Now , we 've not been allowed in to see it , but by all accounts , it 's a virtually soundproof prison cell where he kept little Ohristie Dillon for the past six days .
I know you are . I think you look good . You know I do n't look good .
Well , that 's a hell of a good project . I 'm gon na mention something to the commerce secretary . That would be terrific .
Yeah ? And then we started running on the jungle gym and then we started going on the top and going down . Then we were pretending that one of the other clans was discovering us .
And arrangements will be made , of course for your daughter . Uh , responsibilities that have to be shared . You both work .
Throw them in the sink , wash them . What do you want , Jody ? Money ?
How -- how did you hear that ? I have n't even told anyone . Oh , that 's horrible !
Sneaking around Kim and her mama like I 'm a child . Like I 'm a scared little boy . I got ta ask my woman and her mama for money .
I got this bad boy from my man for free . You know how much it costs in one of them electronic stores ? - It cost a grip .
And I'm- - I 'm stunned like you said . Yeah , well , I do n't wan na scare you too badly but divorce is hands down the worst thing I ever went through my entire life .
Oh , goodness . I do n't know if , um ... Are you sure this is a good ... idea
I 'm going out , that 's all I know . That 's all I need to know . I got a date .
It ... Believe me I do n't like to have to call you either but you do n't answer my emails . All I do is chauffeur her around .
Tell me and I 'll get it back for you . I stole my car , Jody . Jody , where you rolling ?
Um , it 's a really nice present . I got one for my daughter . Ginny said you have a little girl .
You better get your three bucks . Be gentle with my baby , okay ? - I know .
It ai n't like that . I just think you 're cute . I mean , I see you all the time .
So anyway , Lilly has a big house , so last Saturday I went over and she has a garden with these cool , old stonewalls and we played like it was a castle . Like it was a castle ?
I think I 'll plant some summer squash next year . - Jody , we got to stop this . - What ?
We hope y'all keep comin ' . We all need to find what sustains us . Thank you .
Them pants got happy hour written all over them . Baby , I ai n't gon na lie to you . Them is one of a kind .
What does that mean ? - Oh you do n't know what that means ? - No .
Let 's get started . Hello everyone and welcome to the auditions for a Christmas pageant a musical . [ Clapping ]
You really think you 're the only one with all the problems ? If you think my life is just so easy , you 're wrong . [ Jane continues to cry ] [ bathroom door shuts ] [ soldering iron sparks ] [ T.V . plays in the distance ]
Well that might be a little ambitious . You know , I have to admit . I am seeing you through completely new eyes right now .
Pretty good vantage point , huh ? I would n't mind living here . I 'd bring my little brother .
You know ... with a little effort you could be getting all A 's and B 's . You know , you 're really not working up to your full potential . How do you know ?
cause last time I checked this town did not give parking Tickets for no reason mayor . [ Everyone Agreeing ]
There was a robbery . He was shot in the chest three times for 67 dollars . [ Martin sighs ] So that 's how it was ...
I ca n't believe you 're here . What-I ca n't believe you 're here . Oh oh , I ca n't believe ...
Do you live around here , Wolf ? the harder time you 're going to have climbing . [ Wolf ] And next time , bring some water and a friend with you .
[ piano and singing man stop ] [ woman ] That was great , Joel . Thank you so much for coming . That was fabulous .
You know with the mayor ... I was about to tell the mayor were ... [ Mia Yells ] TEDDY !
What do you mean ? You know , that whole Davis and Davey thing . I mean with a simple name like Jane , nobody 's ever confused .
Hey , guys ! [ Jane ] Look what I got . [ parents ] Great .
[ Bitsy ] Oh , Gwen . No place safer than the hill . Do n't worry .
That you 're a mom . Married to a boring husband ... No you 're not boring .
[ Walter ] Yeah I should have guessed . You want to end up like him ? No education .
And even though I know you might be my family . I 'm defiantly not your family . So go .
Trying to punish me by giving me '' It 's a wonderful life '' . Complete with that corny modern really really photogenic family . You guys are good !
Do n't be afraid . Okay , take the next step . I got you .
Are you always so friendly ? - When I feel like it . Ow .
Watch , I 'll show you . Right ... ( JIM YELLS THEN LAUREN LAUGHS ) JIM :
Just think that my mom could do better . - First of all , she ca n't do better . Because no one 's better than me .
( CHUCKLES ) It 's fun to laugh with you again , Lauren . We used to do that all the time .
I just ... ( WHIMPERING ) I do n't want her to disappear . Sweetheart , she 's never gon na disappear .
Dad . Did you comb your hair ? No .
LAUREN : I mean , he 's looking around here . Looking for you .
Ask your mom ! This is not an example of my behavior . TYLER :
Hey , Mom . I guess this used to be a firehouse . ( SCREAMING )
Once in a lullaby Someday I 'll wish upon a star And wake up where the clouds Are far behind me
The mustache is rattled . Come on , Tyler , let 's go ! Take them deep .
Good . Are you going to Tyler 's game on Saturday ? - Yes !
I paid cash . You need to retire , Valery . That 's not in my plan .
That you stay out of it . I 'm going to find out one way or the other . ( sighs )
Brand-new public defender with an oversized ego . He should have just pled him guilty . I 'm not sure he did it .
Detective Gammon , can I talk to you for a moment ? We do n't have detectives , sir . Well , what should I call you ?
I did . Two kids in college , that 's a lot of money . Their father can afford it .
Because ? - Because he was let go . Because ?
You do n't have to . Well , we always want to explore all our options . But my client 's not going to be convicted .
Nice car . I need to sell it . Well , I might consider a purchase .
Truth is , I forgot . By the time I thought to call you , it was raining again . Was it important ?
Looks like my boys are still up . My mom wo n't say no to them . How 's your new chief ?
He does . - You have the right to consult an attorney before speaking to the police ... Cracker Jack ?
I noticed you 're carrying . That 's good police work , Chief . Retired police officers are entitled to carry .
It 's because here ... I 'm kind of in the middle of my legs . - Oh , okay .
That was very good . That 's what I 'm looking for . That 's what I 'm looking for .
Okay . Yeah , so it will just be slightly more angled and slightly shaped . Right , not just a straight line from the ... right .
We can do the old way . I have to just work on it so that I ... because I 'm , like , really ... What if ...
I know . I know you know how I feel . And such .
So good . Fifteen minutes till the third ballet of the evening : Alexei Ratmansky 's Concerto DSCH .
so you can really , like ... - Can I try one more time ? - Yeah !
Yeah . You got a good review . You 're at the same level as Alexei ,
Three , two , three , four , five , six . Four , two , three , four , five , six . Five , two , three , four , five , six .
We need to just ... - I think what we 're gon na do ... - If this is okay with you ...
Good . And can you each just support his back ? If we both did maybe , like , a fourth .
Up until this point , our histories were identical . There was a man named Cyrus Rooney from Tennessee . In your world , he died at the age of 17 , gored to death while trying to crossbreed a bull with a Clydesdale .
I 've got a brother-in-law who 's real good . - What do you think it 's like , Father ? - What 's what like ?
Your mom writes on the walls with her own shit . Great changes are coming to Deadworld , my son ... waves of maggots over oceans of rot . You 'll see it , David .
Understand , we only have the best intentions . We have observed you and will soon move into your world with astonishing speed , so that you too can know the beneficence that is Korrok . But first we have to share your knowledge with Korrok .
And she says , '' This , '' and boom . Your eyes snap open and the explosion at the end of the dream become the clap of thunder outside of your window . So tell me , man ... am I close ?
How did your mind know , David , - that the thunder was coming ? - How 'd you know my ...
Look , I do n't know . He said something about an old mall . The Mall of the Dead .
If so , do n't do it . If I have n't called , then obviously you should n't . - Just stay away , regardless .
Can you hear me ? I can hear you and I can see you . You 're sitting right here next to me .
Another cheery welcome to Dayton for your fucking cold calls. `` Hey , we 'd like to welcome you to Dayton . '' No !
The sounds . How do you forget the unmistakable sounds of urine into water , the rustle of newspapers in the stalls , the rumble of the toilet paper dispensers ? All sounds magnified , reverberating slightly .
She said she knew instantly in the depths of her soul that this man 's intentions were to brutally rape , torture , and kill her and that by the time the psychotic had exited into a secluded area and actually said what his true intentions were , she was n't the least bit surprised , because she knew that she was going to be just another grisly discovery for some amateur botanist or scout troop a few days later , unless she could focus her way into a soul connection that would prevent this man from murdering her .
My favorite ? Well , I think it 's important for me to know which parts of the paper pushed the limits . I do n't want to be accused of doing something just for shock value .
But it comes out of his experience . It 's about his experience in the human dark side . Now , think about it .
No . See , I 'm disappointed in you . That 's what I 'm talking about , the knee-jerk attitude ,
Go ahead , go ahead . I do n't even have to go , really . I 'm just ...
Because , you know , at this point , I 'm starting to get that I 'm coming off as kind of creepy , you know . I 'm starting to understand that she 's seeing me as maybe some kind of a loser , but they ca n't back out .
Well ... No , I do n't need to know . But you do .
Finish your story . But you want to know how to really be great , how a great lover really pleases a lady ? Now , most of these fellas have n't got the first damn clue .
Perhaps . I suppose , from your point of view . Uh ...
I have . I mean , I feel like ... Can you sit ?
If you had that map , then why did n't you try to leave ? I was waiting for someone like you . You are the reason we have a chance .
Actually , no . It 's some kind of map . The triangle of rocks .
There was tremendous cruelty . Giver , I 'm not a kid anymore . Show me .
Not my life . You 'll learn the secret history of the world . Before me , before you , generations back and back and back .
It is different . A dwelling is not a home . A home is more .
Yes . Jonas , I heard an alert . What 's going on ?
Now , this might seem a little funny , but you got to trust me . Okay , sit down on the tray . Careful .
Oh , yeah . - Once when I was looking at that mist , even though they tell us there 's nothing close to the edge , I thought I saw a tree out there somewhere .
Jonas , what do you and the receiver actually do ? My rules say I 'm not allowed to share . She is the chief elder .
Bring up Jonas 's activity for the past year as well . So Asher came directly to you . Yes .
There it is . You have the courage , let me give you the strength . Can I just ...
The next morning , without telling me , she went to the chief elder and asked to be released . So she was released and now lives in elsewhere . Yes , receiver .
Love some . Hey , I got you the best drink in town , but I did n't know if you liked a little dollop of whipped cream or a big one so I got both and you can have each one ... Hello , big dollop !
Cotswolds. `` Barn converted to modern house in the beautiful Cotswolds . '' Which looks exactly like the valley .
Do you ? You know , just the other day , I was just thinking about that time ... Darling , I 've just arrived at Soho House .
Thank you . I have n't had that much to drink in ... What am I saying ?
Maybe if I closed my eyes . You know , given that I 'm in a bit of a personal crisis and I find myself in a total stranger 's home in a town that I ca n't actually remember the name of and considering that you showed up and you 're , like , insanely good-looking and really drunk and probably wo n't remember me anyway I 'm thinking we should have sex . If you want .
Classic , right ? I do n't wan na ruin your Christmas Eve . You do n't have to listen to this .
Significantly overrated . You are quickly becoming one of the most interesting girls I 've ever met . Look at you .
Anything we would have seen ? - She has n't done that much yet , but ... And where is she tonight ?
My mum was ... Is , to this day , a very important editor at Random House . Okay .
When I spoke to her this morning on her cell and she said : `` I 'm looking out my window and it 's snowing . '' She was in Santa Monica .
My neighbor knew I did n't know anyone here . So he wanted to introduce me to some of his friends . And somehow it turned into a Hanukkah thing .
Hello , big dollop ! - Say , you look great , by the way . - Thanks .
Even if just for the night . And then there 's another kind of love . The cruelest kind .
Stay with me . - No , baby , I 'll suck it . - Shh shh !
No , I know the deadline is Tuesday . There 's no problem about the deadline . I 'm gon na have it well before the deadline .
True true true . That 's the way it 's supposed to be . Yeah , but you would n't have air in your lungs if it was n't for me .
I 've got the department taking care of everything for you , okay ? I want my life back , Bill . I can see that , and I 'm working on it .
You need a new house . I 'm calling Mrs. Vincent right now . Sal , I do n't need anything .
All right . The drugs are in play . All the principles are accounted for .
This thing 's been kicked up by two months and all eyes are on it . Just do the best you can , okay ? Come on , Dugan .
You know it is . It gets to your asthma . It goes into your lungs .
Yeah , I owed all these bookies and back then I did n't have nothing to pay them , you know . So somebody in the bar called the cops . But the judge , he 's listening to this and he 's ... you know , he looks like he 's gon na shit a bowling ball .
No , we have n't . We have n't been down this road . Yeah , get their hopes up ...
Do the little ass thing with your underwear. `` Hey , I dropped something , my panties . '' You can flick it up .
Can I show you something ? Please just leave me alone . I 'm not mad .
Okay , fine , fuck , shit . Uh , look , not directed at you , and not directed at you . ( Chuckling )
I have sensitive nipples . That one is really sensitive . Any notes ?
I 'm saying is that guys like undressing . And you could make it more of a ... thing . Okay .
I do n't do anything . See , last year I was able to say , `` I 'm a premed student , ''
( Rick on TV ) We are monitoring the situation very closely . We 're experiencing massive shutdowns all over the tristate area . That includes dutchess county , Harlan county ,
Why are you even thinking about this again ? I have n't stopped thinking about it . Oh , all right , well , see , I just said those things to hurt your feelings because you hurt mine , you know ?
Yeah , it does , come on , you can tell me . It would n't even make sense to you . Everything makes sense to me .
I do n't know why ... You were n't interested in Wordsworth before we went on this trip . Or Bolton Abbey , going on about Bolton Abbey .
It 's not here . You can search the place if you do n't believe me . Where 's the money ?
Just , this shit does n't grow on trees . You know what it 's like . I 'm on hold on your tip-off ...
Yeah , it 's crap . If we had cyber crime first , or , like , crime and pleasure , I could ease myself into it .
It 'll take half the day to walk back to the estate . Trust you to inconvenience matters by moving . Too many people I do n't wan na see on that estate .
I just stuff mine under the mattress . - Have you got a pension yet ? - You got to be joking .
That 's the dare . No , I 'm not going to . Tell me who sent the postcard .
I 'm so sorry . He made me choose , all right ? He just made me .
It 's me . They ca n't stay here tonight , you know . It 's only for a few nights , love , that 's all .
I do n't look any good in them . - It 's not how you look , it 's how you drive . I 'll see what I can rustle up for you , Scott .
One of the hardest things for a teacher to learn is not to try and tell them . - Is it a phase , sir ? - Do you think it 's a phase ?
Sir Ian McKellan . Come , we shall walk together . Is that why you went to bed early last night , so you could learn that poem ?
I wanted to shoot him ! 8 : 00 , but only if you were being serious . Planning your night out ?
Then lifting up again from the elbows . Like the eagle spreading his wings . Beautiful , angry , ferocious .
That 's a good idea . I 'd love to see it . Is that , '' No , you do n't want to '' or '' No , you do n't mind '' ?
Yes , yes , there 's bells ringing all over the place here . He came back , though , did n't he ? Periodically , he would come back and visit , uh-huh .
I 'm still alive ... just . Well ... it 's a long story . I 'm on the lake , with Zoe .
Thanks , Carol . Can you just give me five minutes , love ? Please .
This lot are a laugh . Ladies and gentlemen , please allow me to introduce to you the boat . Seventy-six feet of pure luxury motor yacht and may I say ...
When we get to the end of the road ... Can you please focus on the driving ? Enrahah , Enrahah .
I ca n't believe we 're here finally ... # One night to be confused , one night to speed up truth # We had a promise made , four hands and then away
Yeah . You ca n't take the locks off . We 're just trying to figure out where it leads or ...
It 'll mean a new start for everyone . But on the upside , it 'll mean a new start for everyone . Fucking hell , Dempsey .
Hi , Emma . Hey , are you all right ? Yeah , I got a missed call .
It 's a pity . It would have been good to have a clean sweep . Still , as I 've said all along , you ca n't polish a turd .
* The man with the suit and the pace You know that he was there ... ( Harry ) And again , Sid . * Now he 's in love with you he 's in love with you ... Have n't you had enough , Harry ?
Er , it 's 11 . Do you want a cup of tea ? - Are you sure ?
You argue with your mates sometimes , right ? And obviously your mum and me ... sometimes ...
Please , do n't ! After this is all finished , can we go fishing again ? Is that heating all the way up ?
Do it ! It looks firm enough if we walk on the edge there . - Uh , sod that , you 're carrying me .
It gets in at 20 past . I miss her terribly , you know . She 's a wonderful lady .
It 's what she meant . - No , you 're insecure about your life . - All right , Suze .
There 's a lofty title . Nothing like giving it credence . The money 's coming in and you ca n't seem to counter it .
I told him to go for it , you know . I said , end of the term , anything goes . - You think she was out of his league .
He was fine . Chris mentioned something with Gemma . Uh , Felix fancied her .
Nice to meet you . Just saying what a lovely house it is . Rob Brydon off the telly .
Oh , God . She 's knocked the water off . Ah !
Can you leave now , please ? Do n't you dare tell Jem ! No , no ...
[ PAOLO NUTINl 'S '' CANDY '' PLAYING ] ♪ Well , I 'm some stain there On your bed sheet ♪ ♪ You 're my diamond in the rough ♪
Yeah . And the features that we 're looking at , these linear features , begun as , basically , cracks in the rock as it lithified . That 's right .
Um ... There 's 1,000 there in that bundle . There 's the bit extra .
We 're make it work ? There 's another box in the back of the truck . Honey , if you would get it please ?
You just looked like it cause I was little . That 's why you came after us . it 's because you 're mean .
Is that like the pubic triangle ? It 's a pyramid and at the top of it you see the all-seeing eye - Enrahah .
Where are we going ? What 's the meaning of life ? I went to the moon and then back again .
# Nothing more to say # # No more ace to play # # Tell me , does she kiss #
What ? - I 've never been out to sea like this . What ?
I 've got another announcement . I 've got a placement with Grolier Gaunt . Hey , well done , dude .
It 's only polite . Just for old times ' sake . - Just do n't let him go past the lollipop lady .
I 'm glad he handled his pupils ' balls because that at least I can categorise . It 's a reason for his going no one can dispute . You did n't know .
We do n't even want you on our stage . But we have to play well or we 're not getting invited back . So if you could lower yourself to the level of the public , that would be great .
I 'm in a field . It 's a very beautiful field . It 's really gorgeous , but , you know , I ca n't really enjoy it .
Where the hell are they ? We 've got to find those girls ! Josh , where are they ?
Let me finish . And all of the cigars and the brandy do n't ... let me finish can now be heard ...
I knew he had my back . He does n't want to lose another son . Did you send the postcard , El ?
I do n't mind . How do you normally start ? It is your lesson , general studies .
Yeah , yeah . Anytime you need to call me , anytime , a bit of advice . - I love the spirit , man .
Morello ! I do n't know if she 's out there , but , Morello , this is for you . If you can hear me , you make me feel more real than any girl I 've ever met .
For me ... To find the strenght and courage to walk away ... It took finding someone I could n't affort to lose .
Poppy . - Have you got a minute ? - What 's up ?
A question about Rembrandt , for instance , might prompt an answer on Degas . - Is Degas an old master ? - '' About suffering they were never wrong ,
' I would n't like to predict that , Phil . ' What do you want ringing wastefully from Canada ? A stamp costs hardly nothing !
Would n't mind being alone with that one in a long , dark railway tunnel . - Can I get my wages , Kath ? - Sorry , yeah .
Yeah ? I like it when you give me a bath . - Do you ?
Hit another bar or something ? Ca n't we get a bottle of wine and drink it here ? You 're welcome to come back to the yacht and have a drink with us .
Girls need to be desired . They 'll chase you forever if you do n't give yourself to them . And we all know who you 'll be celebrating with tonight , huh ?
Yeah , well , understand this . I 'm not your brother 's get-out-of-jail free card . What are you going to do with it ?
But I 'm meeting him . He 's not on the estate . He 's fine .
You think so ? Do you think she 's pretty ? What ?
Do n't you fucking touch me ! Get it out ... get it out of me ! Do not touch that knife !
It 's frigging . Well , it 's hot in Hollywood . I 'll tell you that .
Where the fuck have you been ? - Sorry , ca n't quite hear you . - Speak up , Mummy .
I chose a voice to suit the mood . I felt Sir Ian , coming , as he does , from Bolton , would be perfectly suited ... It 's a different Bolton , Rob .
Okay ! - Why do you baby him so much ? - Why ?
Gentlemen , your wines . The Cheverny and the Chablis Premier Cru . Ah , marvelous .
Whoa , hang on a minute . We still need to sort out the business that we 're dealing with now . I ai n't counting to ten with that guy .
We 're on for Tuesday . Can you clear your diaries ? I 'm sure we can find the time .
Thank you . I 've never eaten a shellfish broth before . He mentioned cooking in their own juices .
You dropped your tele ... Look , Dixie , there 's BT Tower . Post office tower .
Do n't take the piss ! It ca n't just be black ! ( General )
But know this ... Everyone around these flats knows where I am . You kill me here without facing me on the street ...
We 're going in hard and fast . There wo n't be time for anyone on the outside to get to us . - How do we get into the safe room ?
I do n't understand ... He 's in jail then how can he be here ? Guess we know now , what I 'm afraid of , do n't we ?
I think you 're past that . What 's going on here then ? Top boys reunion .
I do n't really remember . Do you even bother to unpack the boxes ? Yeah everytime .
It 's a clay pigeon . Marcus is teaching the owner to shoot . Show us your gun , then .
♪ Now I run from you ♪ ♪ Ahh ♪ ♪ This tainted love you 've given I give you all a boy could give you ♪ ♪ Take my tears And that 's not nearly all ♪ ♪
♪ And said I do n't want that I want you instead ♪ ♪ I want you instead ♪ ♪ I want you instead I want you ♪
FormerMP Alan Peters will begin his three-year sentence for fraud , today . Peters was convicted back in September and will serve at least 18 months in Ford Open Prison . Labour spokesman , Lindsay Rhodes , said the party had nothing more to say of what was a sordid and sorry case .
Do they accommodate you here , or do you have , like ... There are cottages for the staff at the main house , so yes , I live nearby . Well , that 's handy .
Yeah , '' enthusiastic , '' that 's the word . Alan , got a juice there for you . Ah , brilliant , brilliant .
I ca n't find my keys . Well , think , where was the last place you had them ? - Uh ...
And you ca n't do this without us . We all play a part , we all take an equal cut . If anyone has got a problem with that , walk away .
If you could exchange them for knowing your children would live a happy , long ... I would happily throw all my awards in a river , not the sea . Corrosion .
Like I did . We do n't all run away . You should .
You looked at home in the water . I could see you perhaps branching out into more action roles . How come you 've left your black pudding ?
If you have built a consortium of commission-based contraband vendors , you run the risk of being name-dropped to the police if those in your charge be faced with incarceration . Also there are those who may wish to make money on your behalf and then forget to pay their dues , of which examples must be made . While there are guns , their use brings unwanted police attention .
We got hitched together by some crazy dude backstage . I 'd love to return his beautiful cuffs . If anyone has any bolt cutters .
Oh ! - I went as mad as her , first few nights . Be quiet !
But you 're both up for murder . And if your friend goes to court with that tape ... Let me out , Josh , please !
But maybe that 's ' cause I just bought this one . If you bought me another , it 'd go flat and the ice would melt before I 'd had a chance to take a sip . Or maybe it 's ' cause I hate the very sight of you .
Exactly . What have the NME said ? That they 're fucking mint .
I have to get away from Nikila , start a new life . Ca n't be near him any more . What are you thinking ?
[ CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY ] ♪ Maestro , a drum roll please This is the golden age ♪ ♪ [ PEOPLE SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY ]
Like , you 're some sort of a magician ? It 's not a trick , my dear . It 's an illusion .
It 's good . You know , it 's kind of enjoyable . Rob 's being , you know , sort of a pain in the ass , but I tolerate him .
I 'll see you later . You might have been safer in the city . My friend .
We do n't know where we are , sir . Your class or Mr Irwin 's . - Does it matter ?
A place , where you learn life . But I 've got 2 rules . Number 1 :
I thought the band were great tonight . Just what music needs at the moment . Cheers , thanks .
He 's not your grandad , Eddie ! I wish he was my dad ! Well , he 's going senile .
All right , split them up . Do you know how to sell bearer bonds without them being traced back to you ? I do .
I 've only seen heroin once in my entire life . What do you know about Steven Roper ? He 's not a very nice man .
Ca n't imagine it 's all that different . ( TV ) ' A dog or cat allowed to roam freely . 'But most of all , it 's imperative that the entire building be cleared of inhabitants'to allow the ghost-hunter to work'in controlled conditions without interruptions . '
But please do not to take this out on Lucas , okay ? It is not his fault that we had to move . I had to do it .
So please do n't call me . I need this stuff to go well . Are we cool ?
What are you doing ? Go as highest as you can ! What ?
Why do you have these drawings all over the floor ? It 's a kind of puzzle . I thought this would like ... show me more !
I did strain . But I have a wonderful range . - People ...
To keep him alive . So , if you just put the gun on the bed , and leave the room , you 'll just be doing your job , right ? Please ... just go .
You 're a harder man than me . - Like that were ever in question . - Do you wan na walk home ?
You killed her ! - That 's what I 'll say when we get out ! - Yeah ?
You know ... We 're playing a little midnight basketball . but I think Lucas is too scared of the whoopdown I 'm gon na give em .
Fi ? - I 'll be out in a minute . - OK .
And they 're professionals , that 's what the important thing is . We ca n't take any chances with this . There you are .
They used to do . See it as an inoculation , rather . Briefly painful , but providing immunity for however long it takes .
There 's a gun here . We 've got to find it . No , we need to get flares or something .
Hi . Can I play with Joe ? - Not tonight , Charlie , no .
Would n't have done us any good . I mean , we were n't much better , were we ? Ah well , you were n't criminals ...
It 's going really well , I think . They gave me an assignment in Las Vegas . Las Vegas ?
Trust me , Luke . We 're some distance above the law . Once this is all over ... we can just disappear .
You should have called an ambulance for the girl . ( Quietly ) Put you in here . Ah !
Or a treasure maybe ? Go look for the keys . They 're not down here .
I just do n't get it . After everythings that 's happen and ... After what happened to Lucas , it 's just ...
Makes you feel a bit more human . You look like a vampire . ( Doorbell )
Coleridge was a poor sleeper . I was reading his poem called The Pains of Sleep. `` Sleep , the wide blessing ,
I write like Dakin . It 's done wonders for the sex life . Apparently I talk about him so much , Fiona gets really pissed off .
You 're just annoyed because you do n't know about ... It 's annoying you that I know about ... I 'm not annoyed .
I 'm talking about the bottom of it . Those at the bottom of the pyramid are kept in total ignorance of what those at the top of the pyramid are achieving . Enrahah .
Steve , come here ! You want to say , '' Would you mind coming here if you 're not too busy ? '' That 's what I said .
Nothing happened . You 're trying to make me jealous because ? Because .
That was the journey we decided to make . And there might be a few less '' dates '' and I might end up looking like my mother , but ...
I ca n't believe you 're a teacher , that you 're in charge of 40 children . It took me by surprise , to be honest . It 's 30 .
# Beguiled again # A simpering , whimpering child again # Bewitched , bothered and bewildered
The dream is happening right now . You 're living the dream , Steve . It 's all a dream .
Oh ! Nothing just stupid show really . Just about to turn it off actually .
It 's like ... where we are now , this was a huge volcanic caldera . This was a volcanic lake of molten volcano , and it was on a land mass called Avalonia that drifted from the South Pole all the way to where we are now over sort of hundreds of million years . We should n't probably go much further just because of the light .
You should talk to the police . I tell you what , we 'll go together . I 've already been to the police .
( Breathes deeply ) Start you off on a Glock 17 , right ? , semi .
Give me another chance . You know you want to . No !
Mr Brown is a close friend of Leonard Attwell , the senior citizen found stabbed in the pedestrian subway . It 's the same pedestrian subway where last night 's shooting took place and both victims were questioned in connection with Mr Attwell 's death . It 's too much of a coincidence that Mister Brown just happened to be found so close by .
Yeah. `` Mr Puffy looked all over his house , `` but he could n't find his magic jacket anywhere .
We 're best friends . I just ca n't believe that you ca n't see that we need to work at this , that this is normal to , you know , see that the perfect relationship does not exist ! Hello ?
♪ Lying there on the midnight sand ♪ ♪ He said he 'd give her the sky If she held his hand ♪ ♪ She counted every star In the sky and said ♪
That feels amazing . So many hands on my body . I like it .
I messed up . Make sure all the other hotels have got separate rooms , right ? Okay .
Où voudriez-vous travailler cet après- midi ? Je voudrais travailler dans une maison de passe . - Oh là là !
`` Dr Grant laughingly congratulated Miss Crawford `` on feeling no disinclination to the state herself. `` ' Oh , yes , I am not at all ashamed of it .
Did you find out who did it ? I 'm afraid the investigation 's still in progress . When did you last see him ?
Be quiet ! Otherwise the war will start again . A lot of jabbering simpletons rushing about , wetting themselves .
Acting on an anonymous tip-off , your boys came flying into the house armed with a search warrant . It took them about 30 seconds to find the 200g of heroin I had so cleverly hidden underneath the TV guide on the desk .
We must keep up the fight without him . - What have you learned this week ? - '' Drummer Hodge '' , sir .
♪ Until your days grow old ♪ Are we sure this is the right place ? ♪ And your lines grow thicker ♪
We 're gon na be here all night . Oh , McGee is ringing now . - Dixie , you 're gon na have to answer it .
Shut the fuck up , Kenneth . What do you want a gun for , brother ? I want to shoot the pigeons , off ... off my roof .
I 've got to get on , George . - Would you like some company ? No , thanks .
Sir , I do n't always understand poetry . You do n't always understand it ? Timms , I never understand it .
Go home . Come on , just a quick peek . - What would Eli say ?
There is Enrahah , Raziel and Lucifer . - I do n't have them in my phone book . - Bear with me .
You 're not gon na be the golden boy in any court in England . There 'll be no probation with 12 months off for good behaviour this time round . So if I consider you to be soliciting lies or acting in an uncooperative manner , it will be construed as a violation of your probation and I 'll return you to prison tonight .
# Mais elle ne la danse pas # Elle ne regarde même pas la piste # Mais ses yeux amoureux
Hi , Dane ! The boy who hates it here . Do you wan na look at our hole ?
( Marky ) Get that shit up , bruv . ( Man 1 ) There it is , swallow that . ( Man 2 ) Hold him , hold him , in case he drops down , bruv .
Number 2 : The people sat next to you ... Are now your family .
Thanks . I 'm going to have a shave . Can I have a kiss , please ... ?
Fancy a pint ? I was thinking about going to Spain . I 've never been out of England before .
It was funny . As long as you do n't think I put him up to it . No , of course not .
With him . ( Clarence ) ' Getting to be spring again . ( Edward ) ' lt 's October .
He 's discharged himself . Well , we 're off the case now , thanks to you . I think he 's going to the estate .
A lecher though one is , or one aspires to be , it occurs to me that the lot of woman can not be easy , who must suffer such inexpert male fumblings virtually on a daily basis . Are we scarred for life , do you think ? Well , we must hope so .
♪ How we would hold each other tight ♪ ♪ So show me the light ♪ Shall we go on that ?
What fun you must all have . Well , it 's not like your stuff , Miss . It 's cutting edge , it really is .
`` I am breathless with admiration , respect , `` and awe for the skill , imagination , and restraint `` of the 20-odd plates of Simon Rogan 's food that I ate in my two visits . ''
White horizontal line . Give us a clue , Zoe . Horizontal , parallel to the horizon .
35 quid , please . I walked in there , right , like John Wayne . Mmm .
Did he hurt you ? - I think I might have killed him . - Calm down .
You told me this was n't a job . You just ca n't keep away from me . You gon na do more magic on me ?
`` Whoa , I got a huge pile of cash sitting inside here , '' and ... and I put an ad in the local paper . You put an ad out in the paper ?
Terrific , it was terrific . Is n't my Willy doing a wonderful job there in Washington ? - Mommy .
It does n't do anything . But , look , when I was 10 , I went to school one day , and there was this kid who said that his cousin or somebody had been traveling overseas and someone had kidnapped him and drugged him and tried to steal his kidney and sell it on the black market .
Well , then tell me again . Take me through it minute by minute . Hey .
Me . I do n't understand why you wo n't listen to me when I talk about him . I hear everything you say .
Do n't do this for the other person . - Say yes to yourself and your future . - Say yes .
Not entirely . No , it 's a yes-or-no question . I know , but it 's complicated .
Well , it really will be a merry Ohristmas if he can just get all that stuff from that estate finalized and get home . Maybe by then , you and Kate 'll have a special gift on the way , and then , you know , it 'll be a perfect Ohristmas . Why are you listening to Ohristmas music ?
Oh , no overtime ? What about the Chang wedding three years ago ? - Oh , that 's bullshit .
It 's part of the accident . So are you here for the Clearys ' wedding ? Oh , yes .
I hate laugh tracks . I hate people who do n't think that there are two Americas . I hate when you bite into an onion ring and the onion comes out , but then you 're left with this fried bread tube thing .
Stand up for the man next door 'Oause you 're free in the land of America ... What are you doing ?
Excuse me . I 'm just gon na take this . Sorry , thanks .
And after a few days , he left to rejoin his unit , but not before telling her that he would be back for her . Eight months later , he returned ... and he 's been with my grandmother ever since . Beautiful story , huh ?
You 're right . You get near my fiancée again I 'll kill you . Let me say one thing .
This was from his last race , the San Francisco Marathon . He placed in the top 30th percentile . Somehow I do n't think we 're gon na do that good this time .
I am . But that that 's how everyone feels before they 're about to get married . I mean , do n't you think ?
God damn it . Please tell me why you would do this ? Like this ?
I beg your pardon ? Well , I mean , you said you eat lunch there every day , but when I asked the neighbors around the field if they 'd ever seen your truck before , they said no , never seen it . Well , they 're just plain wrong .
Oh , Otto , I was suicidal for like a year . And I did n't even know it . I was just drifting along , right ?
And accidents . And I think you 'd have more fun if I was n't around at night too . Say , go to sleep .
I should tell you straight out I 'm not around a lot . In and out .
I used to get a lot of pussy off that song . Pick up a bigger jumpsuit . Why you always leave me walking ?
I 'm sick of your shit ! Do n't put your hands on me ! Are you fucking crazy ?
¶ Hooray up she rises ¶ ¶ Early in the morning ¶ ¶ That 's what we do with a drunken sailor ¶
No strings . Thank you for driving up from Charlotte . No problem .
Shit ! That was kind of fun . Hi .
Oh , is she ... is she here ? No , she wo n't come here . Well , do you have a picture ?
I love you too . I want you to have my baby . I want to have your baby .
Mama , have you got this nigga living up in here now ? - Ca n't I have a life ? - You got a life !
I 'll make it up to you . I 'll make you feel good . Jody !
Mm-hmm . A woman who had been in the car ... not with Ede . She dropped her sex toy in your car .
Why do n't you get an L-7 boyfriend ? A white-collar brother with a briefcase . You like them thugs .
Jody ! Can I have my car so I can get to work ? Your car ?
I got one for my daughter . Ginny said you have a little girl . Wow !
This is Melvin . He 's helping me with my new garden . He owns a landscaping business .
No . I think you know better than that , do n't you ? You want to walk around here with your chest out , saying you a real man .
Hello ! - Can I get the food ? I ca n't believe I fell for that shit you said the other night .
Stay right here . I 'll be right back ok ? Ok .
I do n't want to wake up . So afraid this will end . You say that every night honey and , it never does .
Then I 'll make sure she gets it . Yeah and your niece , oh man . She 's no piece of cake , either .
I think ... You 're looking for someone else . And frankly , much like you I 've heard enough .
I hate you . [ slams door shut ] [ shattering , clattering ] [ breathing heavily ]
And I think that we can use the pageant to raise the money we need . Eric has agreed to give us back the land if we could match his buyer 's price , so ... The people of the town would own the forest .
[ slow piano music ] And over here are duplicates of the first atomic bombs , `` Fat Man '' and '' Little Boy '' .
[ glass shatters Your children are totally out of control , Gwen . Oh , really ?
Ted , what did Eric just say about doing a festival meeting ? Yeah , we do the pageant every year . Oh !
[ sobbing ] [ door squeaks open ] [ soft piano music plays ] [ Davey ] Mom ?
[ Whispers ] Could you be our replacement Santa ? The costume is right there . Wait .
Do you live around here ? Do you live around here , Wolf ? the harder time you 're going to have climbing .
Would you stop flirting with victoria . You think you 're better then everyone else . I ca n't help it if you ca n't sing .
Gwen , this is my colleague , Ned Grodzinski . Ned plays a piano in our group . Nice to meet you .
Ok ? This is obviously all fake . Um , this is actual snow .
[ Bitsy ] What do y- What kind of move ? It 's time for us to go home . [ Davey chuckles ]
Umm , You do know how that ended , right ? Look , I 'm no good with words ... I mean you are smart and worldly .
Running a sandwich shop ? [ Walter ] It 's a wasted life . How dare you say that my father had a wasted life .
I do n't remember anything about our married life together . And I will never remember anything about our married life together because We do n't have , in fact we never had a married life together .
I have the music right here . So why do n't I give it to you ... You rehearse it and Monday we 'll work it through .
What did Eric want ? Oh just wanted to remind us about the Christmas party tonight . So is Teddy gon na audition or what ?
What kind of name is that ? Either a first or last name . Your choice .
Well I would be happy to see my car . I think someone stole it . Oh that was your car ?
Just checking your pupils . You know , you ca n't be too careful when you 've had a concussion . Oh come on .
Ok perfect . What if I told you that I can get the town to raise the same Exact about of money and you wo n't have to do a thing ?
Uh , does anyone have any questions ? Does Uncle Walter make bombs ? Uncle Walter is involved in Research and Design for National Security .
You 're a swimmer , are n't you ? [ laughs ] Only in the ocean . The ocean ?
What 's happening right now ? Um , well , Lauren gave me her salon appointment ... Uh-huh .
Yeah , well , his dad 's not really into working with him , you know because to do that , he 'd have to show up , which he 's just not good at . You got ta show up for your kids . It should be boring how reliable a parent is .
What is wrong with you ? She just takes her homeschooling real serious , so that 's why ... We get those back ?
No ! Look , this whole rack still has the price tags on . Technically , she has n't taken ownership yet .
I 'm done now and I 'm guessing you have somewhere you got ta go so ... How do you always look so great ? Yeah ?
Listen , being a man ai n't about pissing and moaning anytime something 's bothering you . It 's about dealing with what 's in front of you . So deal with me .
Oh , damn it ! Why does he have to have joint custody ? I thought the mother always got the kids .
Put it to you this way : If I did n't have braces , my teeth would be hitting you right now . ( BOTH LAUGHING )
But I wonder if you 'd sell me the vacation you were gon na go on with Freddy Krueger 's sister ? I have been saving and saving . I could never give him full value for it but something 's better than nothing , right , sir ?
Keep your weight right there . How do you even play cricket ? We 're not playing cricket .
You got ta show up for your kids . It should be boring how reliable a parent is . It 's funny to me that some people do n't get that .
It rhymes ! But , the real word is '' splendored . '' So would n't it be '' blendored '' ?
My desperations are never quiet . I got hats older than you . We found a common interest .
You do n't have to call me sir . Did you get the medical examiner 's report , Luthor ? Sir , that wo n't come in until toxicology is finalized .
I ca n't tell you . You know what you want , but you ca n't tell me . I do n't want to presume .
I 'm not after anybody , Suitcase . There are no place out there for graft , or greed or lies , or compromise with human liberties . And if that 's what the grown-ups have done with this world that was given to them , then we 'd better get those boys ' camps started fast and see what the kids can do .
Have you talked to Cindy 's father ? I have n't talked to him since the custody hearing . - Has Cindy ?
They give families the answers they want to hear . They cost a lot , do n't do much good , and can be part of the problem . This kid went in for alcohol and came out with prescription drugs .
I 'm not a good basket to put all your eggs in . I 'm not going to fall in love with you . I do n't think you 'll fall in love with me .
I did . I found her on the beach road about a mile from here . Was she coming to see you , Jesse ?
Did Cindy get intensive out-patient follow-up ? Was Cynthia Van Aldan self-medicating ? How do you know Cynthia 's duration of treatment was two weeks ?
she lived at school in Boston . What do you think , Luthor ? My sense is , we need to tell the truth , sir .
( cell phone ringing ) ( phone beeps on ) Thanks for dinner . ROSE :
( buoy bell clanging ) So , what are you going to do , Jesse ? I 'm going to mull .
All I 'm saying is , you could lose your pension . You could go to jail . It 's been five days , and knowing you ,
You 've cut yourself off from her for three weeks . And now you feel responsible for this kid 's death . That 's about it .
Oh . Well , here 's what I was thinking . When you shoot a big animal like a deer or an elk with a high powered rifle , you can shoot him right through the heart , and he still might run off , sometimes for quite a distance .
Well , pointe shoes are different . So wait , is it because I 'm giving her too much force ? - Is that what the problem is ?
Oh , okay . I was just counting slow . Okay .
Okay . You can come a little more to me . - I 'm scared now .
Cashmere ! I mean , we 're used to wearing really hot , uncomfortable costumes , and this will be nothing compared to some ... Like , we wear Firebird monster costumes .
If you think about her being almost slightly behind you - so you can really , like ... - Can I try one more time ?
Okay . We ca n't really do it right now , but it 's a pretty easy alteration . I trust that the fit will resolve itself .
Okay . Tiler 's solo at the end of the first movement . I felt like the backdrop and her costume were identical .
Okay . - And plus , they all have great legs . - I think it 's ...
It looks right ? And Joe turned the wrong way . Okay .
Where are the ... Actually , where are we with the pas de trois ? Okay .
Did n't I tell you not to ? And what happened to your face ? Your second question answers your first .
You ever shit yourself , Arnie ? 'Cause you would 've if you 'd been there last night . He 's a seeker of truth in an age of fear .
There are n't any cops there right now , but there will he . We 've got sort of a narrow window here , so you 've got to take a cab to Willy 's , get your car and then go to Wayside Village on Lathrop Avenue . - It 's a trailer park south of town .
Your buddies were all there . No , I had work in the morning . I went straight home .
Sure . I mean , you 've obviously been blessed with supernatural gifts . What better way to use them than to fish for free beer at parties ?
Shit . I thought he was stabbed in the gut or something . I looked closer and there was something on Justin ... his anns and his face .
But you should have figured out by now , you do n't choose the Soy Sauce . The Soy Sauce chooses you . The Soy Sauce chooses you .
Why you fronting , bro ? You know what time it is . Stop calling me Justin like nothing 's changed , yo .
You 've been dead for days . I think someone got wind that you had contacted me and they took you out . I 'm really sorry about that .
It 's my boyfriend . He wo n't leave me alone . He 's been harassing me for the past week .
Yeah , no shit , Fluffy . Oh , you can hear me , so I guess you took the Soy Sauce . Why ?
All right , at the height of lovemaking , you know , the very height , when she 's starting to climax , and she 's really responding to you now , you know , her eyes widening in that way that 's both , you know , surprise and recognition , which not a woman alive could fake or feign if you really look intently at her , really see her . And I do n't know , this moment has this piercing sadness to it , of the loss of her in her eyes .
But I 'm talking Victor Frankl 's Man 's Search For Meaning type violation and terror and suffering here , the real dark side . Daniel came into my office today .
And what if I said that happened to me ? Would that make a difference ? Why do n't we talk about this at office hours ?
Uh ... Except , think about it for a minute . Would that possibility have even occurred to a ... a not-so-smart girl ?
And she 's realizing that she 's in for the biggest struggle of her spiritual life . She stares directly into the psychopath 's right eye and wills herself to keep her gaze on him directly at all times . And the effects of her focus , she says that when she was able to hold her focus , the psychopath behind the wheel would gradually stop ranting and become tensely silent .
`` I am my own person ; I do n't need a man , '' what they really are telling you is what they want you to make them forget , which is ... what they 're telling you is what they want you to make them forget .
Today we are going to be concluding part two of the very riveting Nanook of the North . Yes , yes , groan , groan , I know . It actually will be a fascinating example of scientific hubris .
See , I 'm disappointed in you . That 's what I 'm talking about , the knee-jerk attitude , Taking everything I say and filtering it through your narrow view of the world .
You hear everything , some tapping , some humming , some speaking aloud to themselves , forgetting they are not alone . Imagine to attend , to see men of substance at their most elemental . This is his career , a career man .
So , the plan will be for you to go and for me to stay . If you did cross this boundary , and if the memories are set free , all of the pain that you 've felt , all the ... Confusion , the chaos , it will all return .
I need ... I do n't feel right , Jonas . I need to go and get my injection .
Asher . Father , I think Fiona put her finger on the scale . Did not .
Since when do you care about the rules ? Actually , I have auxiliary training . I 'll see you guys .
Here , Gabe . Gabe , if I tell you a secret , you promise not to tell anyone ? I 'll take that as a '' yes . ''
You mean , like feelings . Feelings are just needed on the surface . But emotions , they 're very deep , primal , they linger .
So I do not apologize . I knew Fiona was safe . That I 'd see her again .
Neither did Rosemary . How can he not see the baby is n't moving ? Does n't that tell him that something is wrong ?
But why do n't people know about them ? I mean , what so dangerous about the memory of a sled ? What so dangerous ?
Are you strong enough ? Do we think Jonas is brave enough ? Jonas , you have been selected as our next receiver of memory .
I thought we were gon na help . We will , but we must move slow . - Show it to me .
Transcript by hearing by Pippo OF RUINS AND ASHES WERE ERECTED COMMUNE . PROTECTED FROM THE WORLD WITH THEIR IMPASSABLE BOUNDARIES .
`` do you know who I am ? '' And the elder says , '' sir , I know you 're old , `` but that 's no excuse for being prideful . ''
Maybe they were right . Could you watch over Harry for me ? - Of course .
And : Are you embarrassed By this game I 've start . ed to play ? Okay .
Sorry I 'm late . The Maggie thing took a little time , but it is over . Finished , kaput .
Or Amanda 's next-door neighbor . By the way , you should go meet her . - Yeah .
She did n't tell you ? She could have done but as previously stated I 'm ... I 've just ...
You know what I was thinking ? When you get back to London maybe we could sneak off somewhere together . Maybe venice .
`` Click here and pick a country . '' Where do they speak English ? `` Click on a town or city . ''
Here , Amanda . You can use my pillow . - Thank you .
We 're worlds apart . I have a cow in the back yard . - You have a cow ?
Darling , I 've just arrived at Soho House . I 'm meeting some friends for drinks . - Okay .
No , that I totally believe . Now let me ask you . Have you seen this ?
The next day , I was on the payroll . I was 17 years old . So was Hollywood really as great back then as I imagine ?
No , gents , sadly I am not . I 'm just a one-woman-at-a-time kind of guy . Actually , I 've been dating a beautiful actress for about five months .
bring his ass over here ! Get the fucking keys , you bitch ! I 'll be back to check you out .
I 'm off the case . You know , I told ' em that you 'd see this through to the end , but they knew better . They prepared for this .
Listen . Let me know if you want to get out of this raid tonight . - I 'll make sure you get paid .
`` We 've got nothing but time , but time wo n't give us time . '' You know , that 's an old Boy George song . You probably do n't know it , right ?
You always were smarter than the average motherfucker . But on the strength , though , I just wan na say thank you , man .
Are you hiding money ? Did you throw it out the window ? You 're fucking lying to me .
Cool . No , I mean , I want you to let me borrow it . You borrow mine and we give it back the next day .
Jesus Christ . Are you finished with your self-righteous bullshit , man ? You 're nobody 's victim .
The owner ... I 'm allergic to fire and this gun is a lot lighter than a mailbag . You sure got everything figured out .
I want you . And what makes you think that I want you ? You 're just some funny guy that works at a bank .
( Alarm blaring ) That 's some alarm you got there . Yeah , I do n't even remember even setting it ...
Look , all ... I 'm saying is that guys like undressing . And you could make it more of a ... thing .
You should put on heels and try it . Yeah , you 're right , this is weird . No , no , no , man-up , finish .
Then would you lock me up with her ? Yeah , that 's how police stations work . Are you being sarcastic ?
That 's funny . Okay , I 'm hearing that that 's actually not where the empire state building is , but it does show you the ... Is it cool if I take a shower ?
So get cozy , folks , because it 's going to be a long weekend . Faiza , you have to do something , I can not stay here .
( Alec ) She can do that ? She can refuse my bail ? Are you serious ?
It 's not good for you , it does n't help us . It does n't help the next girl . Oh , but you 're a really great kisser .
I used to wish that they 'd get divorced'cause I was jealous of all my friends who got to have two Christmas 's . ¶ ¶ unh-unh , hm-hm , hm-hm . What ?
All of my friends ' parents were divorced , you know ? But mine , they were always ... so happy . They were just so disgustingly happy .
In Xanadu did Kubla Kahn a stately pleasure-dome decree where Alph , the sacred river , ran through caverns measureless to man down to a soundless sea . I 'm very impressed with that . You shocked me , 'cause I would have thought that you would have preferred
In a couple of days , I 'll let Zigic know where he can find his bearer bonds . It 'll all be on Niko Eli , and they 'll be minced meat . I stole Eli 's car and planted the bonds in the boot .
Where are you on the pyramid ? - I 'm outside the pyramid , looking in . - Of course you are .
Yeah . How much do you owe ? Ah , six months .
♪ I do n't want that I want you instead ♪ ♪ I do n't want that I want you instead ♪ ♪ If you do n't rearrange us ♪
See you later . - Do you think we 'll make it ? - Depends on the traffic .
And the boys knew . Well , of course the boys knew . They had it at first hand .
Perhaps you could come back tomorrow . - I ca n't come back tomorrow . - Is this man troubling you ?
I do n't need to know . I 'd rather that it be a mystery . Oh , do n't run it .
What 's the matter ? - I live in an old people 's home ! So do I !
The right brain is individuality . It 's where the soul lies . And the education system , it works like this- '' I will give you a world view .
I said you 've got to tell Sherryanne that she needs to put this girl on a diet . You 'll give her a complex , she 's 7 . All of a sudden Mum does n't want to get involved , for the first time in her life .
I think you could play it . Of course you could play it . Bloody hell .
Let me explain something to you about teaching . The teacher 's job is to bring out good habits in the pupil and to get rid of bad habits . He does that through frequent repetitive thinking .
You can ask him and all . If your name 's not on my list , management says you 're not coming in the club . Alan , how you doing ?
We party on the high seas . That 's really not a good idea . Do n't worry about it .
It means no more fighting no more trouble at school . I need you to be better then the things you have seen . What 's that supposed to mean ?
Take your foot off the brake . There 's no need to put your foot on the brake . - Do you know what 's doing that ?
Please tell me you 're wearing that ironically . Look , I 'm really busy , Dix . I got ta go , OK ?
Yes , Dakin , it is. `` Whereof one can not speak , thereof one must be silent . '' That 's right , is n't it , sir ?
Well , actually I 'm studying the Grandmasters . This was a game between Fischer and Spassky in Reykjavik , in 1 972 . In the 7th match , Fischer opened with what 's called a Pirc defence , he 'd never used it before .
`` Then , all of a sudden , there was a big crash-bang-wallop `` and Little P flew in the window and collapsed on the bed `` with Mr Puffy 's magic jacket in her beak .
It 'll make ' em vengeful . Spirits , please accept my mortal apologies . Now , who are we hoping to contact tonight ?
Maybe you 're destined . You should try and find him . I 'll come with you .
Where is he ? I tied him up in the bedroom . He went mad , put a gun in my face .
It 's not rocket science . I need a doctor ... or I 'm dead . One call , Luke .
Cos it can affect everything , ca n't it ? Like your mood and everything . - Nice action .
And you 're not taking the piss ? - You can come back and visit . - Come on , Harvey .
Uh , Felix was due back yesterday , but he ended up getting stuck abroad . - In Chile , of all places . - Chile ?
Okay , I 'll try to reach it . There 'll be a phone line as well , I heard the main house . Probably a burglar alarm too , so we need to ... we need to get the police here if we can Okay , how 're you doing ?
I want a gun . He 's not coming any more , Granddad . It 's all over with .
Why have you brought tampons ? That 's not what I said . No , you fool , crampons .
♪ Tainted love ♪ ♪ Oh , yeah Tainted love ♪ ♪ Tainted love ♪
Mel Gibson coming over the hill . I would just love to do a costume drama in these hills , just leaping , vaulting over dry stone walls with a scabbard . This , like , dead look in my eyes'cause I 've seen so many horrors that I 'm just immune to it .
We should ... you know see what we got before we say anything . I know what you 've got . You 've got a gateway to hell underneath your house .
No , Niko , I have n't built it yet . Do you want to come and help me ? Maybe get that shiny suit of yours a little bit dirty ?
Dark . - How do you mean , dark ? - Dark as the night .
Ooh ! Your cleavage looks great from up here . - Thank you .
No . He was found in the pedestrian walkway . ( Harry pants )
Well , conspiracy 's a funny thing . Some might call it jailing people for thought crime . And you ?
People ... I could have done opera . - How many octaves ?
# You 'll never be alone again # Well , come on , well , come on # Well , come on , well , come on ... #
No . Glad we got that cleared up . This is the last leg .
Five minutes later , she 'd have gone off . And what if the lights had been green ? Or if there 'd been no children coming ?
Are they or are n't they ? Must always be something of a lottery . A lottery ?
Nice work . [ EDITORS ' '' PAPILLON '' PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS ] Hey , man .
That 's good . It 's the first of something . Okay , service .
He pulled this goth bird after a set , right ? Goes back to her place . So she 's on top , yeah ?
Eleanor ... I dare you ... to give Gemma ... a long ... hot , wet kiss on the mouth . - Tongues ?
Come on . This is the master guest room . For VIPs .
So ... - What 've you got for us ? - I 've got all sorts .
I 'd go to Newcastle and be happy . - Of course , there is another way . - Oh !
# And I turned to you # It 's not hard to live a lie # Disregard and deny
Or I might stop caring . - Do you look at your life , sir ? - I thought everybody did .
Have I let you down yet ? I 've been thinking about this for days . London is full of boring bands .
BOBBY : This is a major festival site . KIRSTY :
She drops her load right on him . Which is bad enough , right ? But then she rolls her butt up and down like a steamroller .
Let 's have a good time . Let 's just go and get a drink . Let 's have some fun , right ?
Before he got married he was a college servant there . This old ... parson who 'd just been sitting there most of the interview suddenly said was I related to Bill Rudge who 'd been a scout in staircase seven in the 1950s . So , I said he 's my dad , and they said I was just the kind of candidate they were looking for .
Why do n't you ... What do you call a man with a paper bag on his head ? Russell .
Or a tunnel with Jesus at the end ? As a matter of fact , I did . This cross-eyed little herbert turned up and yanked me back out .
Why not ? - I do n't think I 'm going to take it . You have to tell her .
You could write about it . Why do n't you review the food and say , `` I 'm staring off by talking about what real people eat '' ?
Marcus ! - Go in there and find him ! - Quick .
How come he got to shoot him ? I wanted to shoot him ! 8 : 00 , but only if you were being serious .
This is gon na be so cool . # Ten days of perfect tunes , the colours red and blue # We had a promise made
And I 'll buy these ones next year , alright ? - What if I score 40 ? Okay look , try them on .
`` ' I would have everybody marry if they can do it properly. `` ' I do not like to have people throw themselves away. `` ' But everybody should marry as soon as they can do it to advantage . ' ''
Just flew in from ' biza to check out my old mucker , the ' coose . Look , the new crew arrive on Monday . This is our last weekend together .
It 's like ... where we are now , this was a huge volcanic caldera . This was a volcanic lake of molten volcano , and it was on a land mass called Avalonia that drifted from the South Pole all the way to where we are now over sort of hundreds of million years . We should n't probably go much further just because of the light .
Seven . Oh , now , that would be interesting . ... everyone 's getting therapy .
I think anyone over 40 who amuses themself by doing impressions needs to take a long , hard look in the mirror . Well , broadsheet journalists have described my impressions as stunningly accurate . Well , they 're wrong .
I do n't believe that you really believe that I could n't play David Frost . I think you could play it . Of course you could play it .
How can I ? I have n't put you down yet . And you wo n't .
Hi , Annabella , it 's me again . You did n't come home last night and there are no messages . Please call .
They are the assholes we 'll be dealing with . There 'll be a collection of people who should n't be in the county . Like traffic wardens ?
We 've must have had some help . But who would want to help us ? Someone sold you out .
I never want to see a hat on a bed . I always have a hat on my bed . Well , maybe on your bed it might be okay .
I mean , in the past , you know , to go to gigs , I 've said my nan was in hospital , but she 's been dead since I was three . No , four .
I 'll just go and get changed , and then we can go . I was thinking we could go to that little Italian . You know the ...
Where have you been ? I called you four times last night . You did n't call me back .
There is no reason really . Dane , I say to come home by 4 , not start home at 4 . Would you just please come home alright !
What do you think ? You said the nails will keep it closed . You said no one can come forward .
Fuck is your problem ? It 's your fault we 're in this mess ! I 'm the bad guy ?
One , two , three . I 'm just doing this thing . Hi , I 'm Tyko from The Make .
What the fuck is he talking about ? I 've got a report here from Social Services , Mark , that tells me you 've been in and out of foster care since you were six years old . And you 've made some pretty serious allegations of sexual abuse .
It might be huge to you . It 's average size to me . Oh , that 's right .
No one , no one . Just someone I work with . Uh , listen , Marilyn , can you , um ...
Lucky , tell us about your brother . What 's he got to do with this ? Tell us about Raphael .
Listen , why do n't you stop for lunch ? Yes , that would be lovely . Well , we should push on , really .
Maybe he 's a lot smarter than we like to give a two-bob thug credit for . Steven Roper employs a well-considered set of diversionary tactics . - You ca n't seem to counter ' em .
This is nice , but if I 'm being very honest with you , I 'm looking forward to being home now . You and me both .
Excuse me . Well , I do n't think I am , actually , any more . Do you wan na sit down ?
Yes , sir . Arnold 's ghost must have got into it when he died . Arnold 's ghost has better things to do than hanging around in a telly .
No , we 're crew . You know those boats in the marina ? - We crew one of those .
The alarm system has an exterior bus network by the telephone exchange . This is n't the same as an alarm control box , which are housed inside the building , for obvious reasons , so we could n't shut it down . The best we could do was to try and suspend the individual exterior alarm sensors one at a time and delay the transmission of the signal .
This is definitely mine . Mr Zigic , I can explain , all right ? It was these ...
Go . [ THE TWILIGHT SAD 'S '' MAPPED BY WHAT SURROUNDED THEM '' PLAYING ] ♪ And these walls And these walls are filled with blame ♪
Bluey ... - Josh will be a YouTube superstar . Do n't wet your panties , Josh .
Here we go . Not a lot of people ... - That 's not my accent .
Oh , erm . When he wrote this ... about 60 . My age , I suppose .
It 's your stupid bastard Welsh fault ! I got nowhere else to go . Your girlfriend has !
I like badgers . - What 's so good about badgers ? I like badgers because they 're bad-tempered and they look good .
Just to hear your voice , your lies , it makes me sick . - Show me how much you love me . - Please !
( Tapes clatter ) You want to watch where you 're going . Is this your grand passion ?
Dane , I say to come home by 4 , not start home at 4 . Would you just please come home alright ! I got to go to work .
I would like you to help me make it work . It means no more fighting no more trouble at school . I need you to be better then the things you have seen .
Yeah . Maybe we should think of something else for a little while ? You can go swiming at my place .
We 've got to find it . No , we need to get flares or something . Someone 's got to be able to help us .
Yeah . And of course , they 've dissolved into the width that we see today , as have the ... not only the longitudinal ones , the east-west ones , same thing , but the features on the surface are , indeed , very famous indeed . You 'll see a number of these little potholes .
I thought you were his friends . - He did n't have any friends . No one liked him .
[ SQUEALS ] ♪ The look on your face The fear in your eyes ♪ ♪ Tonight you 're mine , You 're mine , you 're mine ♪
Where are the others ? I do n't know , I was waiting for you . He 's gon na be out and about soon , so ...
Your dad would n't approve . Since when have you worried about my mum and dad ? Seven months we were together and you still refused to meet ' em .
What do you two feel about having the house to yourselves ? For a day or two ? Bad ...
Ha , ha , ha . Are you like a team of stalkers ? Is this what you do ?
Make it two , Sid . One for my father , here . Thanks , Harry .
One or two are a little resistant . - But nothing we ca n't handle . Mmm .
( shouting ) Fiona , Fiona ! Read out from the top . Fiona , just read it out .
Fuck off . What 's in it for the girl ? - Do n't understand the question .
`` on feeling no disinclination to the state herself. `` ' Oh , yes , I am not at all ashamed of it. `` ' I would have everybody marry if they can do it properly .
What , cremated him ? No , you know , hearing the eulogies . That 's what I 'll say at your funeral .
You know what it 's like . I 'm on hold on your tip-off ... Just go away , just go !
Wake up , Luke ! I 'm giving you the chance to save him , or you can point the gun at me , but you 'll only get one chance , and if there 's no bullet ... well ... it 's all over for you . - Please , please do n't shoot me .
I do n't know I mean . It 's got to have a bottom right ? Hello !
Well ! This was nice of someone . Oh that 's so sweet .
You coming in ? A couple of minutes ca n't hurt . - But you did like it , though ?
You know what that means ? It means '' long valley '' in Viking . - This would have ...
If I do , Dakin might love me . Or I might stop caring . - Do you look at your life , sir ?
I think so . - What would you like to do this afternoon ? - I 'm not sure .
You could say that . Think I better die now . - That 's good .
( TV ) ' A dog or cat allowed to roam freely . 'But most of all , it 's imperative that the entire building be cleared of inhabitants'to allow the ghost-hunter to work'in controlled conditions without interruptions . ' ( Laboured breathing on tape )
♪ The jilted brides that blush on cue ♪ ♪ That 's just something A girl like me would n't do ♪ ♪ I will not wait for you ♪
Go on , get yourself off to school . Tell Mr Kelly you had to go to the dentist . Idiots !
KIRSTY : We have three hours , though . I do n't trust his manager .
Oh , it 's that kind of day . So , you doing anything tonight ? Yeah , it 's a mate 's 30th .
But of all Hector 's boys , there is only one who truly took everything to heart , remembers everything he was ever taught . The songs , the poems , the sayings , the endings . The words of Hector never forgotten .
It 's good . You know , it 's kind of enjoyable . Rob 's being , you know , sort of a pain in the ass , but I tolerate him .
♪ With all that death and all ♪ ♪ Some might scream and send you away ♪ ♪ But I 'm just as happy ♪ ♪ for you here to stay ♪
It does n't seem like I 'm the only one who 's gon na be doing the talking this evening . What do you two feel about having the house to yourselves ? For a day or two ?
Good afternoon . We 'd like to talk to you about the situation that happend with your daughter . Now , no , no , I 've you just listen because we 're trying to help .
( Police sirens ) Tell me about Mr Attwell . Who 's that ?
Yes . Do you have any evidence to support that ? Not at the moment , but I 'd like to get a warrant so I can have Mr Brown 's clothes tested for gunfire residue .
Exhausting for everyone . Listen , why do n't you stop for lunch ? Yes , that would be lovely .
( Birds chirping ) None of it makes any sense . You shot two drug dealers , you do n't risk being identified by driving this girl to a hospital .
We just seem to argue all the time . He 's so angry with me that I ca n't seem to do anything right . Oh ...
Not really ? - Well , I do n't know , really ... No .
You should n't have done that , Dad . Hey , you can only spend it when you get married . Aww !
♪ Tainted love ♪ ♪ Talking about the tainted love ♪ ♪ Talking about the tainted love ♪
Who ? It 's '' yes or no '' questions only , I think . Is there life after death ?
I find the view is very important . You ca n't go wrong around this area . Everything 's beautiful .
But this was the ... the ' 50s . Change was in the air , and a spirit of adventure . So , where did you go ?
I really need to read these papers , so ... He 'll stop in a minute . Daddy !
She had that thousand pound in cash on her , I thought , she must be one of the gang . What gang ?
Peters was convicted back in September and will serve at least 18 months in Ford Open Prison . Labour spokesman , Lindsay Rhodes , said the party had nothing more to say of what was a sordid and sorry case . Single mother , Karen Dobbs , was shot yesterday in front of her two-year-old son .
How old was he ? If he was a drummer he 'd be a boy soldier . Not even as old as you , probably .
You were supposed to be there half an hour ago . It 's half past 12 : 00 now ? Jesus , I 'm late then , are n't I ?
Will you be buried , or will you be cremated ? I think I would like to be buried , so that I have a headstone , like Elvis , but I think that when you have a headstone and you 're in a place , it puts great pressure on your family , your surviving family , to visit you .
I know . You must be very tired . Mmm ...
Yeah I will . Well it does n't look like it to me . - It will only be a couple of ..
You 've already had this week 's money . - I do not believe I have had this week 's . - Do n't you ?
Not till I showed up , eh ? Look like a rabbit caught in the headlights . I wo n't bite .
[ Dodd sighs ] - I do n't know anything else . - Bricks and concrete , same anywhere .
Have you got three nipples ? She does n't like to talk about it . I 'm going to give her a little hug .
I do a wonderful school play , for instance . And though I never touch the boys , it 's always a struggle . But maybe that 's why I 'm a good teacher .
So how do you know where 'll we 're going ? Bensonville is my playground , my friends . Okay !
Come back to bed . I wo n't be able to walk around the ward . - No , to sleep .
He 's dead . He was losing too much blood . There 's nothing I could have done .
I think I 've made a mistake , all right ? - Just give it a day . Please .
Oh , I 'm sorry , Charlie . Jem wanted me to ask if you wanted to come to dinner tomorrow night . - Tomorrow ?
Do n't say , '' That 's all , '' Steve . How could we let him get to that ? Poor fella .
Get off me . - You go to the nurse , come . Get .
Pity . Sir , I do n't think Harry Brown is a witness . I think he 's our chief suspect .
A barn . All the produce would come in here . - You know it all , do n't ya ?
LAKE : I thought you said we were staying on a yacht . I said yurt ADAM :
We 're low in the league . I want to see us up there with Manchester Grammar School , Haberdasher Askes , Leighton Park .
If someone stuck me behind bars for a year , I 'd make it my life 's work to track ' em down and watch ' em bleed out through a hole in the face . I 've only seen him once since he got out and he has n't said anything . I 'm gon na give you a message to give to Harvey .
Bye-bye . Can you say good-bye to Dad ? Say good-bye .
And what did you see ? You can laugh while Rome is burning , but believe you me , Poppy , it is burning . And if you do n't wake up , then you will be burnt to a cinder .
Yep . You know the kind of music I do in here . Listen .
You ! You find my bearer bonds ! Fuck !
Do you love her ? I know I ca n't bear the thought of not being with her . All right .
CLAIRE : You do n't sound very enthused . JOHN :
I 'll see you in , what , an hour or so ? Well , by the time the anesthesia wears off , it 's probably more like a couple of hours . A couple of hours .
Yeah . I 'm just about finished , though . - Great .
JOHN : Let me just change my shoes . - Excuse me .
The results came back from Dr. Klein . Your sperm passed the test . Great .
So , what about you , with Sack ? Is that a good thing ? Yes , I think it 's a good thing .
[ GASPING ] - That looked like it hurt . - Ooh .
Harvard , Kennedy School of Government . Mom 's big with charities , blah , blah , blah . Three daughters , one son .
Perverted . Yeah , but it 's not necessarily illegal . The guys are looking into some of the photos , and the girls are young , but it does n't mean they 're breaking any laws .
[ SNORTS ] And now I pronounce you husband and wife . You may kiss the first mate .
Oh , so you 're hiding , I see . He thinks Moby Dick is a venereal disease . Well , that 's what I need .
Ah , scratch that . Uh ... the two security guards at the gate , they ... they 're black . And there 's another ...
Twenty-two years old , the whole world in front of him . Every advantage in life , advantages I never had . Well , that 's not exactly true .
I only have this monkey suit . - I do n't have any clothes . - No , we have everything you need .
No , do n't baby him . It just makes it worse . JEREMY :
Okay . I was born with an extra kidney . No , I swear to God .
That 's not mine . I bought that for a friend . Yeah .
I hate people who do n't think that there are two Americas . I hate when you bite into an onion ring and the onion comes out , but then you 're left with this fried bread tube thing . I hate how I always think that I have a booger hanging out of my nose , and I 'm constantly trying not to touch my nose so that ...
I just ... I wish I 'd never told him that , you know . L ...
She might be interested . Do I want to be interested ? Now she 's not interested .
Aah ! I need you to come to my therapist this afternoon at 3 o'clock . Can you make it ?
We got officers on the scene , but it looks like , uh , there 's another victim . And , Frankie , there 's something else . Stunning , really .
Okay . I like how adventurous you are . Ayi !
'Cause I like your cock in my pussy . That 's what I think is sexy . I like your hands on my flesh .
You 're not firing people , are you ? Do n't tell me that I 'm gon na lose my job . You 're getting divorced ?
I 'm kiddin ' . But we all need some way to get through the night . Try and find some other activity that keeps you off your feet .
I 'm good to her ass . I take her back and forth to work , I fix the car when it breaks I give her money for the phone bill and groceries . I even rub her feet sometime !
Uh , I ... I 've never had women here when Ede 's been here . Really ?
Change the game . You want to sell clothes ? Like the man who came to the phone company selling dresses .
No echo . Oh , I feel like I 'm getting good at this . What ?
Um ... Let me order something else ? Do you want something , or ...
Rachel ? My name is Joseph Summers . My friends call me Jody .
You 're not a baby no more , Jody . You need to grow up . You got your own family .
It is . Where 's your daughter this weekend ? Is she with your soon-to-be ex-wife ?
We did n't know each other very well and , you know , maybe we should n't have ... No , I do that sometimes when I 'm overwhelmed . Really ?
No . Are we picking up Joe-Joe ? He 's fine .
You know that , Otto . I know this is hard for you and I 'm sorry about that . Do you think Ede 's fine with this ?
You can do that , could n't you ? And then maybe Lilly could come over . Um ... sure .
And after 11 years of Annie not ... You know , the last two years , we never ... There was n't any love .
They believe your lying ass . I fell for the same shit when I was their age . Yvette .
[ Sigh ] There 's just not enough money in the budget . There is never enough money . Um Eric ?
Over 800 years ago . In the winter they would go down and live in the caves . [ Gwen ] Wow .
Honey , It 's time to go . We 'll go home and we 'll open our presents . No we have to wait .
Like ... two thousand miles that way . [ laughs ] I think you mean that way . Right . [ laughs ] That way .
Make sure you wear that helmet . And use plenty of sunscreen . You 're at 7,500 feet here .
W.W.M.O.D . I have no idea what that means . It means I 'm going to fix this .
We have a lot in common . - I was thinking the same thing . Get yourself a decent pair of climbing shoes and I 'll take you up there .
Time to get this batch in the oven , hmm ? Now , how long are we going to bake them ? Eight minutes , because of the high altitude .
You tell me every year you watch these films with your family . You say they are the only thing you make that you actually do watch with them . You are making me older by the minute .
You apologize to your mother right now . Walter , she did n't mean it . Did you hear me ?
With th ' angelic host proclaim Christ is born ... * I ca n't just give you a part . It does n't work like that .
Hey everyone ! This right here is what I 'm talking about . Christmas is not for the elves .
Oh ! Make sure you wear that helmet . And use plenty of sunscreen .
I had work so , I just did n't show . But then you turned around and you came with me here . Wow .
[ mellow piano music ] [ cars passing by ] [ people singing '' We Wish You a Merry Christmas '' ] [ strikes match ]
Thank you . You do realize I 'm humoring you right now ? Hey buddy you opened Pandora 's box with that eggnog .
That 's so not true . That 's another example of a wasted life . Pregnant in high school .
And I 'm not your Meg . I know you think I am . Touching me would be cheating on her .
[ skateboard shuffling ] [ silence ] [ breathing heavily ] [ woman ] I wonder what it 's like to be dead . [ panting ]
What mistletoe are you talking about babe ? I did n't put any mistletoe up . Just shut up and kiss me .
[ Whispers ] You were right Meg . [ Whispers ] You 're not my wife . Is it Christmas yet ?
Daddy ! [ Adam struggling to speak ] Help me , Davey . [ Davey crying ] I 'm trying . [ sirens blare ]
[ Clapping ] [ Announcer ] Ladies and gentleman please enjoy this next treat from Our directors Ted and Meg !
Do n't expect love to feel the way it did when you were seventeen . Well , what I was going to say is that it 's time for us to make a move . [ Bitsy ] What do y- What kind of move ?
Alright , stay off the beach . [ Adam sings ] ♪ Every time we say goodbye ♪ [ Davey sings ] ♪ I wonder why a little [ seagulls gawk ] [ door closes ] [ slow piano music ]
They 're very nice . But you know what helps if you need to work on your posture ? Here , just lift your arms a little bit .
Heh . So then he gets down on one knee and proposes . Right in the middle of kickboxing class .
This little angel here is finally starting to think of me as her second mom . Not just her former gymnastics teacher . What are you drawing , honey ?
Dad ? ( WHISPERING ) I did n't mean to wake you . Sorry .
What 's out ? Oh , God , I 'm coming home . Intruder alert .
Why ? Just no Cherry Pan-ties ever ! Out , out , out !
Good . Gon na have a nice trip here . - Um , Dad ?
TYLER : I ca n't believe we 're here . This is pretty cool , Mom .
Oh , my God ! Mr. Bellyflopolis , the crocodiles are fake ! They 're fake ?
She what ? Oh , my mom , she used to work at Hooters . She managed the one over on Lake Street .
You 've booked for the Art of Couples massage . - I just got a call from my babysitter ... - Oh .
May this be your moment . Did you eat pork chops with tuna fish today at lunch ? - Yes , I did .
That was close . It was almost unorganized for a minute . - Hi .
How so ? If a 's addiction is a form of self-medication because of a bigger psychological issue , in some cases , two weeks is sufficient with , of course , intensive out-patient follow-up . Did Cindy get intensive out-patient follow-up ?
Stay away from the mini-bar . The judge declared a mistrial . How 'd you do it ?
Runs a high-end rehab place in Boston . How do you know that , Jesse ? Small town .
I did n't say that . Have you talked to Cindy 's father ? I have n't talked to him since the custody hearing .
( sighs ) Do n't you think I 've got a winner ? Redemption .
Even for family , she was 19 . Even if they 're paying the bill . That 's not to be considered .
Thank you . So , I 've cancelled my appointment . What 's so urgent ?
I can . Ooh , I got to go . Rose .
Okay . - Just ' cause you earned back the right to use it does n't mean you have to . You 're not usual .
You want to put my coat over your head ? How about I put mine over yours ? Does n't look too social .
Do n't get all parental on me , Jesse , okay ? I 'm afraid he wo n't want to talk to me . Okay .
We 're not allowed to disclose patient information . There are privacy laws , Officer Jesse . Except for family .
Well , we always want to explore all our options . But my client 's not going to be convicted . We presented a very strong defense .
Yeah , and they 're great , but they 're not fun to wear . - But we still wear them , so ... - Okay .
Yeah . - I just need to travel with you . - She needs to be ...
You know , when we bourrée back for the girls , we 're bourréeing back ... they do n't know if they should finish here ... Because , you see , some finish here , as the original step you gave , and some are already going parallel , so should we just ... Oh .
It takes a moment to get out of it , for some reason . Because you 're on one ... on both legs ? It should n't be , though .
Because I have less down here , probably . - Do we open up the neckline ? - Maybe that opens just a touch .
Yeah , it can ... I mean , I do n't need very much . I know , you remember , you told me to do that , but ...
Yeah . Maybe that 's what it is . Why do n't you soutenu and come down after ?
But the orchestra 's just ... You know , they were n't immediately crazy about the piece , and , you know , it 's not ... There 's this disconnect between the excitement of actually what 's happening ...
It 's very simple . Well , pointe shoes are different . So wait , is it because I 'm giving her too much force ?
Dancers to stage . Ladies and gentlemen , in this evening 's performance of Concerto DSCH , please remember to turn off your cell phones . Places , please .
After you do here ... I do n't know what that is . It takes a moment to get out of it , for some reason .
Two ... two ... and ... One , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . Fifteen minutes till the third ballet of the evening :
That 's what I 'm trying to say ! We went to Robert 's trailer ... Andy and those guys , they did n't want to come .
Contained within this detonator is a block of C-4 explosive , surrounded by a highly-potent military-grade hallucinogen . If you get the opportunity , - you may detonate it like this .
I need to . I need to get it out . But you have to take it for what it is ...
S'il vous plaît . ... unseen forces swirling around us , willing to - face down the legions of evil ...
It 's the Soy Sauce . It 's the one thing it lets me do . I 'm thinking you got killed right after we talked on the phone .
Say you have an ax ... just a cheap one from Home Depot . - On one bitter winter day you use said ax to behead a man .
I never finished this thought , as I suddenly realized I was no longer in the trailer . Was I dead ?
And you say , '' What you doing ? '' And she says , '' This , '' and boom . Your eyes snap open and the explosion at the end of the dream become the clap of thunder outside of your window .
Yes . ... and helping his fellow man to find the path from darkness into the light . From sold-out engagements in Rome , Tel Aviv ,
You 're sitting right here next to me . Well , then just talk to me in person then . Oh wait , do I look like I 'm injured in any way ?
And what does this Korrok look like , exactly ? You will know him when you see him . Believe me .
One , two , three , four ! Telling the story now , I 'm tempted to say something like , `` Who would 've thought my friend John would help bring about the end of the world ? ''
Heaven ? When you hear a song on the radio , where is the song ? What ?
So you do n't know the name of the drug ? Robert called it '' the Soy Sauce , '' but now I 'm thinking that was just the nickname . It 's not actually soy sauce .
I can . I can see it right now . That look on your face , if anybody could see it , they 'd understand why I 'm leaving .
I go back there , and I talk to this one and that one , and eventually , I get around to the story of how I got the name Johnny One . That 's one of the stages of the thing . We 're back at her place now , you know ?
This self-restraint eventually progressed over a period of years , such that the more enraged he might become with any of us , the more coercively he began to restrain himself . Often the day would end with the poor man hogtied on the living room floor , screaming furiously at us , trying to get the gag in without getting bitten . Whatever possible use that piece of history might be to anyone not privileged to have been there .
# Every man I fall for # # works the graveyard shift # # He kisses me softly to wake me up # # and takes my place in bed # # And I fall #
# Do n't go changin ' # # To try and please me # # You never let me down before #
It 's true . Because if you can really just see somebody as a thing , you can do anything to him . And I know , I know a better guy probably would 've told you about this before we even slept together .
And having had some prior dealings with the cruncher genus , I think the one-night proviso was due mostly to the grim unimaginability of having to talk with her for more than one night . Whether or not you approve ,
No way . Does anybody think that it was good that it happened ? No , of course not .
She stares directly into the psychopath 's right eye and wills herself to keep her gaze on him directly at all times . And the effects of her focus , she says that when she was able to hold her focus , the psychopath behind the wheel would gradually stop ranting and become tensely silent . And she wills herself not to weep or plead but merely to use focus as an opportunity to empathize .
Basically , it 's all still an elaborate semiotic code . And the only way not to get lost in the code is to approach the whole issue logically . They want you to understand the bind that they 're in .
Stay down ! - I do n't understand , is he casualty ? - Medic !
Asher was the boy who made everyone laugh . Fiona , well , she was the girl who made everyone smile . Whoever 's listening , please-please , do not make me vice chair for their waste management .
I 'm learning . When I 'm flying , looking down at everything , it 's like I 'm seeing things for the very first time . You get to fly into elsewhere ?
This is just for a while , mother , till the little guy catches up . I think we 're all in agreement that he sleeps in my room . Only if the elders say it 's okay .
You can take comfort in knowing you are completely helpless . If any of this prove to much for you , tell me immediately . I just have --
And yet , here I was . Being told that I 'd have to get close to it every day ... For the rest of my life .
You 'll see them all in time . But our people , they chose to do away with all of them . Color , race , religion .
You may ask any question . Three , aside from your daily injections you may not receive other medicines . Especially those for pain .
`` I apologize . '' Do n't apologize to me ever again . Not here .
Please stand by for a transmission . I apologize for the intrusion . I accept your apology .
And then the old man says , `` no , really , I 'm asking , who am I ? '' I do n't get it .
We 've been friends our whole lives . Asher was the boy who made everyone laugh . Fiona , well , she was the girl who made everyone smile .
Attention , nurturers . Please secure your workarea , and immediately report to the new-born nursery to allow for a security search procedure . Promptly report all sightings to the nearest security kiosk .
Jonas , your turn for feelings . Well , I guess I 'm sort of ... Terrified .
Fiona , what do you feel - I do n't have the words to describe it . Attention , nurturers .
It 's very unlike me . Would you like something to drink ? Glass of water ?
Things end . Just like you knew they would . Amanda , you know how I feel about you .
A wedding was privately announced earlier today that I do n't believe any other paper in town knows about . And I want you to be the first to report on this particular union as it is between two of our most esteemed colleagues . May I introduce the newly engaged Sarah Smith-Alcott and Jasper Bloom !
Did I do my tie okay ? I have n't worn one in 15 years . - It 's perfect .
Thank you . - And may I say , so are you . - Did I do my tie okay ?
I 'm a guy who reads parenting books and cookbooks before I go to sleep . I spend my weekends buying tutus . I 'm learning to sew .
We know this is n't gon na work so we start fighting because we do n't know what else to do . And then , after a long , tearful ... At your end ... phone call ...
I counted . Nine movies are opening today . I remember when nine movies would open in a month .
And how in the hell , for that brief moment you could think that you were that happy ? And sometimes you can even convince yourself that he 'll see the light and show up at your door . And after all that however long '' all that '' may be you 'll go somewhere new .
Amanda , this is my daughter Sophie . Soph , this is my friend Amanda . - Hi .
Everyone loved Marion . She had the greatest laugh . What did he say ?
I 'm sorry . I did n't mean to kiss you twice and then linger a long time on the second kiss . - No problem .
Yes . Can you go any faster ? This lane 's tricky .
We have a tent in our playroom . Do you want to see it ? No , no , no .
No , listen to me . You can not take this fucking deal . Caz , listen to me .
Well , to be honest with you , I 've been here before , all right , asking for God 's help a lot of times , okay ? And my situation is not getting any sunnier , you know ?
When you have wood inside your house - the particles travel in the air ... - I know all about the mold .
Yeah , all right . No no , you go check , I 'm staying . - Eddie , come on .
Fuck you ! Look me in the eyes . Do you want a friend ?
He said people will protect their lives no matter what , something like that . You heard about what happened , right ? On the Belt Parkway .
I 've got it . Hey , man , that 's a good kid . He ai n't do nothing .
The drugs are in play . All the principles are accounted for . I have n't made contact with the connect yet .
No , no , no , no , I would not be here if you did not slut me out ! Sorry , I ca n't hear you . ( Laughing )
I have never had any complaints about how rapidly I undress . Most guys like naked me . I love naked you .
I have no idea how often you do this . I told you last night that this is my first time doing anything , you know , remotely like this . Yeah , but come on .
I 'm not breaking and entering alone ! The whole reason we 're doing this is for you . Why do you have that ?
No , I 'm just kidding . The windows of this building , they do n't really work right . So we can go out the window , climb up to the roof go to the other side and then get in through the lopans ' fire escape .
Yes . So we can use this time to be honest with each other , and we can give each other advice and constructive criticism to make each other better lovers for the next person that comes along . ( Giggling )
I 'll let you know . ( Officer ) Stay as long as you want . That guy was nuts .
That 's some alarm you got there . Yeah , I do n't even remember even setting it ... For 11 : 04 .
Uh ... That 's actually a great question . ( Chuckling )
`` finish her ! '' And like really hit it , but ... I thought I was doing something like that .
You could write about it . Why do n't you review the food and say , `` I 'm staring off by talking about what real people eat '' ?
If I do that , I 'm dead . If you do n't do that , you 're dead . Put the number in , or your number is up .
I 'm sorry if I upset you , Scott . I wish I could make you happy . I was happy .
♪ And you ca n't help them ♪ You do n't know what you might have ♪ Set upon yourself
I wo n't bite . Do n't worry , I 'm going now . Have a good day .
♪ Ideally I 'd like it to be payment ♪ ♪ But give in mind my selfish ways ♪ ♪ and hedonistic things ♪ I feel like sex-on-a-stick in this outfit .
Loyalty means a lot to him . Excuse me , Luke , in case you had n't noticed , he 's demented ! He 's obsessed with a fucking postcard !
Listen , when are the band gon na go ? Because I 'm getting really fed up now . And I 'm gon na have to use the wedding money ...
Can you get me one ? That is the funniest thing I 've seen all week . Apart from the chicken lady , but she was ill .
You know . She 's , she 's , she 's , she was , she was ... She was , she was , she was , she was ...
And incredible . Hey , he was a dark horse , was n't he ? Is it this one ?
I do n't understand that . Why do people have to be like that ? She was n't being like anything .
Hiya . Emma , listen , I 'm at the inn at Whitewell Yeah .
Canada is a country . And my big God-bothering girl Mavis is coming from there to see me today ! With her husband who 's got a plate in his head .
I was thinking my bed looks a lot better with you in it . Can you wait just a couple of days ? These people , they know where I live .
Watch what I 'm doing . Now I 'm going to indicate . I keep in lane .
No , it 's not . Those people were fighting for something . For a cause .
Something came up . - I 've got a life too , you know . - I had to make an appointment .
Thank you , Brother Rob . And let me say this . Look into my eyes .
Oh , bless him ! Do n't you ever pray that you 're adopted , Suzy ? Oh , argh !
Alright , butt ? Are you the guy that puts the bands on ? Might be .
# So here we are ... # Did someone say they were seasick ? Cos I 've got a very special cure .
I know . I still think we should call the police . No , that 's not going to help him , is it ?
I did n't know what you were gon na do ? I did n't think you would hurt him ? Sure , you did .
Yeah . - Black car- this is n't a racist thing . - Glad to hear it .
Steven Roper was the big chimp . In this particular example of the successful execution of Step 4 , I came home from a night on the piss to find my flat had been broken into .
Soldier . That was the Mickey I knew . Mick was always there for me .
Stop it ! Tommy and Jake are having a fight . They 're always fighting .
Right , well , we 'd better make a move . I want to get back in daylight . We 'd better make a move .
That 's what we 're saying . There 's no time for reading ! - Ca n't you just give us the gist , sir ?
Take it down . ( Marky laughs ) Do n't be sick . ( Man 2 ) Give me that .
`` ' Oh , Little P , `` ' now I can go to sleep `` ' and travel to the land of wizardy-bizardy
I remember looking up , lying on my back , and looking up at the stars and thinking what a great , big university it is . Universe .
No , you ca n't . Your BlackBerry does n't transfer to Pay-As-You-Go . - Alright ?
Two , three , seven ... It 's either a four or another seven . - Hi , babe .
What are you trying to say ? - That I sent the postcard ? - Well , I know I did n't send it .
Yeah . Well , she had a good life , did n't she ? I think so .
Have you ever had a dog ? - Your mum and dad got a dog ? - My dad 's dead .
I do n't know anything else . - Bricks and concrete , same anywhere . It 's the people , not the place .
It 's all my fault . He took Lucas down there . I have to go get him .
I 'm on hold on your tip-off ... Just go away , just go ! I was just explaining about the private party .
Someone owns up to sending the postcard - I let you all go . - And if no one owns up ?
We recovered the murder weapon at the scene . It had Mr Attwell 's fingerprints on it , as well as fibres from his coat , suggesting that the knife belonged to him . To be precise , it was an old military bayonet .
Really good . No , no , I enjoyed it a lot . And then , yeah .
Today . Oh , sorry , we do n't need anyone today . Yes , we do !
And we walked . Oh , yes , we walked everywhere . She loved to look at churches and I loved to take photographs .
♪ Ohh ♪ ♪ Taken the blame for a fairytale Of forbidden fruit ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪
Thank you , Brother Rob . And let me say this . Look into my eyes .
Could I have the scallops to start , please ? And then I 'll have the pigeon as the main course . I will have the rabbit , please , followed by the lamb .
Are you pissing in the sink ? Well , I ca n't go back out there . She 's mental .
Why do I have to do it today ? - Because your school registration is today . Sweetheart .
Julie . She ca n't be true , she ca n't be true , she ca n't be true . She ...
None of my clients ever trust me again . You , round up all the casino staff , bring them to the warehouse . All of them ?
Yeah . That 's no good , is it ? Have you got a piece of paper , Miss Cross ?
Oh , yes . The next one will be here at 20 past . - I 'm sure she just missed the last one .
I thought I might drop by for a quick word , if that 's all right ? I 'm sorry , is this an inconvenient time for you ? No .
It 's not the type of thing you wan na fuck up , is it ? - Come on , Charlie , we 're just talking here . - No , we 're not .
That 's not true , actually . Certain things definitely do not '' go . '' No matter how much you may want them to .
I 'm a Jew , I 'm small , I 'm homosexual , and I live in Sheffield . I 'm fucked .
Yeah , I was quite . Do you think we 'll be happy , say we get in ? - You 'll be happy , anyway .
[ shouting ] Of course , the trick is to make the anonymous phone call yourself after you have made sure there is nothing even resembling an aspirin on the property , so you can laugh as you watch the boys in blue sweat as they tear apart your house to no avail .
Yes , I do . Yeah , well ... everything 's exhausting when you 're past 40 . Everything 's exhausting at our age .
Pasha . Do you want to come ? What ?
Those look all right , you know . Can you see them receding ? - Mm , yes .
We reach the International Line , we call it in . Well , why are n't we going now ? Until that moment , everyone stays right here where I can see them .
`` About suffering they were never wrong , The Old Masters ; how it takes place while someone 's eating or opening a window . '' - Have you done that with Mr Hector ?
Do n't wait too long . She was very peaceful , Stephen . Good .
Provided you kill people afterwards . We wo n't go to war again . Who 's there to fight ?
I need a hug . [ JO MANGO 'S '' THE BLACK SUN '' PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS ] ♪ I fell in love ♪
♪ She got loved up On the seashore ♪ ♪ Kissing with a girl He 'd never met before ♪ ♪ The food was sparse But the drink was plenty ♪
Nah . I wo n't give you Shanko . I do n't want Shanko .
Magic fingers . He was sweet , was n't he ? He was fit .
I know , I know . You should treat us with more respect . We 're scholarship candidates now , sir .
! - Do you think I 'm attractive ? - Hold your horses !
Sorry ? Not everything can be talked about . Well , yeah , you 're right and I know that sometimes I talk too much .
It 's magical . Yeah , we 're very fortunate today . Have you been here , around this area for a while , or ...
Easy-peasy . Just have to count to four , all right ? - Here we go !
# Here again , at the end , before the beginning # So the salt will spill again , throw it over your shoulder ... # Oi , mate , make yourself useful .
# This was as far as it goes # This was the heart in decline # Then I met you
Yeah ? I find the view is very important . You ca n't go wrong around this area .
Call me John . Are you all right , John ? Babies .
Yes , did you see I did on my face ? Come , come , Mr . Bond , you get just as much pleasure from killing as I do ? Come , come , Mr . Bond , you derive just as much pleasure from killing as I do .
Ca n't see the bottom . Maybe it 's just a crawl space or something . Watch !
I can ... you know , if you ever want to see the Bronte sisters ' house , it 's not so far . If you want to go visit , I 'll take you there . Have you noticed as you get older , older women seem more attractive to you ?
Hit me , bro . I 'm here , just hit me . Come on .
Come on . Could you just tell me where he lives ? This is embarrassing .
He fucking mocked us off our on turf . It 's a bit more complicated then that . Nah , nah , it 's very uncomplicated .
You still got the old Merc ? Yes , dad left it to me . And , no , I 'm not bringing it on some getaway job .
Cracking idea . I would never do that . Most creative ... the most creative people smoke , you know , smoke marijuana , smoke hash .
Cold . How deep do you think it is ? I do n't know .
We got married too young ... he 's in jail how can he be here ... Been in there since Lucas was small , so ... His father was not a good man ...
I came to say good luck . You got yourself a soft landing . You wanted me to wait to get pushed ?
I think he 's going to the estate . I think he 's going to kill Noel Winters . Who gives a fuck if he is ?
If you work hard and ... you know ... then you can always ... you know , enjoy yourself at the weekend . But you 've got to rein it in during the week .
Do it now . Put the cash in the bag , or somebody gets shot . Do not test me .
This runt ? He could n't even pick up a gun , let alone use it . If you want a romantic dinner , you 're going about it the wrong way .
If you want to go visit , I 'll take you there . Have you noticed as you get older , older women seem more attractive to you ? - And younger women .
Two ... Pavarotti struggles to do five . One .
I know the feeling . I left you my number with that cup of tea . I 've really got ta go .
Yeah . All right , listen , love you . Take care , and behave .
OK ? I 'm just going to sit you down , all right ? We can chat in here .
Your girlfriend has ! She come earlier , she take her stuff and she go . Shell 's been back ?
Things do n't look too good for you , Lucky Charm . Do you know what the Romans said about debt ? No .
Ignoring me , wicked . I do n't mind talking to myself . TYKO :
What ? I 'm just trying to work it out . Just call me when you 're single .
Shoulda seen your brother , man . He rounded them kittens up . - Yeah , I 'm very proud .
Um ... yes , I think I would . Do you mind excusing me ? I could come as well if you want .
I hate that place . Besides , it 's not open anyway . Yeah ... the weather 's a little bipolar , as you can see .
Get this , man- '' You can suck me off next week . '' I 've heard of a crowded schedule , but this is ridiculous . God , we 've got a long way to go .
Oi ! You promised you 'd look after him . - Yeah I will .
Michelle was excited as I was . So next morning , first thing , I 'm in my music shed packing my rarest records and I 'm ready to go . - Oh !
There 's one way in and one way out . I ca n't leave without you . And you ca n't do this without us .
You lot like nothing more than to have someone else do your job for you , which is why you are such big fans of the telephone tip-off . If the drug squad receive a call from a concerned citizen giving details of a drug cache at a residence in a problem area , they will generally act on the information . Police !
That 's okay . Just a ride , just like before . You let me fall !
right . - Why ca n't I come with you ? - Because we 're trying answers for the staffs from the hospital .
Where are you , kids ? I think Creepy Carl was right . It is gon na kill us .
Please , no ... Do n't you dare touch her . Do n't you dare fucking touch her !
I 've not fucking finished . In the back of the voice , ... and the voice now ... - Okay .
Okay . I mean , obviously , you 're out of my league , but I thought I 'd ask just for clarification purposes . Ask what ?
♪ Once I ran to you Now I run from you ♪ ♪ The tainted love you 've given I give you all a girl could give you ♪ ♪ Take my keep And that 's not nearly all ♪
Where you any good ? They used to call me '' The Made Net Maradona '' . - Who ?
Where shall I start ? I do hope you do n't miss out the bit where a mutual acquaintance of ours finds himself being wheeled into an intensive care unit . - What makes you think I know him ?
Right , then . Why do n't we take a look what 's in the kitchen ? Watch them .
( Tyres screeching ) ( Man on radio ) .. Exactly what she looks for in a man . Tall , dark and mysterious or just plain loaded ?
Thank you . Is there anyone we can call to be with you ? Or I can send Social Services , if you want ?
Cab 's stored . Still ca n't get hold of George . Nor me .
No ? I 'm gon na give another little wave to you . - Oh , I 'm going .
I 've kept his nose clean for years now . He 'll be out in no time . Oh , so while he 's rotting in there , you 're on road yeah ?
# Do # Re , mi , fa , sol , la , ti , do # Re , mi , fa , sol , la , ti , do
That was en error of judgement . I 'm just a '' party guy . '' Gemma , there 's a workbench just a few feet behind you .
That was Claire Miller with the news . Lisa , where were we , brain or brawn ? What are you looking for in a man ?
Luke , Luke , what 's going on ? I 've been calling you for hours . - Sorry , man .
From next door . - Hi , Julie from next door . Hello !
( MUSIC : '' Come on , Eileen '' ) Did you make that smell ? - ( Record scratches )
That 's about , on horseback , about three hours or something . So we leave about 8 : 00 , 8 : 30 ? - 8 : 30 for 9 : 00 .
We 're scholarship candidates now , sir . - We 're all going in for Oxford and Cambridge . - Oxford and Cambridge !
Jesus ... Anna , how old is old ? No , not him .
That 's more important than any work , any award , anything like that . That actually puts everything in perspective . I dare say you 'd throw away all your awards if it ...
What 's happening now ? - Get in the passenger seat . - Why ?
Why do n't you have some , eh ? - Let 's get the candle lit . - I do n't want any !
I do n't trust his manager . [ PALOMA FAITH 'S '' UPSIDE DOWN '' PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS ] [ INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE ]
'Uhhhh ... ' This is what I 've got to look forward to , is it ? Ca n't you find something more constructive to do ?
What 'd you say ? They sent the wrong thing . DJ :
What 's happening here , eh ? You can talk to me , you know ? Anything you want to say .
Rudge . - What 's he want us for ? - No idea .
I think when they 're good , they 're really good . And when it 's not done well , it 's very frustrating . There we have some little canapes to begin with with a duet of tapioca-based crackers , spiced popcorn , and the lollipops are made out of duck fat with peanuts .
Actually I thought about once because of the cookies . - Because a girl scouts losing . I love you .
Mm , that 's me . If Michael did it , people would go , `` Fucking hell , it 's David Frost . ''
Go home , wait . I 'll bring him to you , trust me . Yeah , this is me , it 's Malor ...
When I met my Kath I knew that all that stuff had to be locked away . I made that decision , all those years ago , and I stuck to it . Harry ...
I 'm giving you the chance to save him , or you can point the gun at me , but you 'll only get one chance , and if there 's no bullet ... well ... it 's all over for you . - Please , please do n't shoot me . Please .
Oh , dear . - Are you meant to be meeting someone ? - My wife .
And that 's that . If you tell Jem , you 'll be making the biggest mistake of your life . - You-You just ca n't face it .
No . I do n't mind getting them in . Two whiskeys for there , butt , please .
You win for that . Right , that 's the taxi arriving with the bolt cutters . KIRSTY :
♪ Just give me some candy ♪ ♪ After my hug ♪ ♪ Oh , and I 'll ♪ ♪
It 's not quite nasal enough the way you 're doing it , all right ? You 're not doing it the way he speaks ! You 're not doing it with the kind of ...
We know about Auden . ( all ) Oh , yes , we do . - He was a schoolmaster for a bit .
Universe . And all them stars , well , you know , now they 're very , very small . It 's all ... shut up shop and the stars , you know , they do n't what-not .
Cost you even more in the future , lad . - So you 're saying there 's no chance , then ? - Not a sniff .
My duty was clear . Restore family honour by any means necessary . - What ?
And the ... In the NME as well . Are you earning money off ' em yet ?
I got off the train last night and there was this old man left on the platform . - His wife had missed her train . - Jesus ...
We do n't like to admit the war was even partly our fault cos so many of our people died . And all the mourning 's veiled the truth . It 's not '' lest we forget '' , it 's '' lest we remember '' .
And then if you still want to smash his skull in , you can . - One , two , three , four , five , six ... - Kirby !
Then I 'll fucking kill you . Mitch Raymond use to run a firm called The Guvnors . Yeah .
Go back to sleep . - I 've been looking for you ! - Oh , God help us .
DI West , can I have a quick word ? Right , for the benefit of the tape , Sergeant Kendon has just entered the room . I am pausing the interview at 1 : 30 hours .
We need to know as it affects our mindset . You do n't object to our using the expression '' mindset '' , do you , sir ? Mr Hector does n't care for it .
In my bed . Then I put it in your bed to scare you , and then it was downstairs . Okay !
I can tell you with a straight face , I 've never supplied anything to anyone . I 've only seen heroin once in my entire life . What do you know about Steven Roper ?
Your background makes you the perfect candidate . I 've recommended you and they 've accepted . Take the weekend for yourself , Alice .
Well , he better fucking not . I got this , I got this . Jade ...
You have a choice , DI West . You could pretend you never heard this tape and let a man you know deserves it go down and let us walk away . Or you could alert the police at the port and have us brought in .
? Find the Lady . 5 will get you 10 , 10 will get you 20 . Money in .
I think I know how he feels . You 'll be all right , Stephen . You think so ?
You ordered me to come in there . - The TV upstairs is haunted ! Why do n't you do it then ?
And now ... Because of a mistake I made 20 years ago ... I find myself right back where I started .
Sir , I do n't think Harry Brown is a witness . I think he 's our chief suspect . I 'm sorry , I was under the impression uniform found an elderly gentleman on the tow path .
I mean it , sir . When we talk about putting them in context , it 's the same as the dissolution of the monasteries . Dozens of monasteries had been dissolved before Henry Vlll .
Yeah , I know , I fucking love this tune . We should be dancing naked on a beach , right ? Hey .
`` Happy is England , sweet her artless daughters ; Enough her simple loveliness for me . '' Keats . We wo n't be examined on that , will we , sir ?
`` about L'enclume in Cartmel. `` I am breathless with admiration , respect , `` and awe for the skill , imagination , and restraint
He does that through frequent repetitive thinking . And he does that by creating clear and distinct images that are easy for the pupil to retain . - Oh , does he , now ?
Now listen to me , I 'm no mathematician , but even by my calculations , that 's an insult . Things do n't look too good for you , Lucky Charm . Do you know what the Romans said about debt ?
How 's the motor business ? Yeah , well , I 've only just finished repairing all those cars that you smashed up . Well , I made a pink slip trade .
Yes . - I get a little self-conscious . It 's a family .
Jim , use your fire magic , dude ! All right , I got it ! I got it !
I got a Stage 5 clinger . - No , no , I need more time . Did you hear what I just said to you ?
No , I 've been waiting for this all day . All right , wait a second . Wait a second .
Or the wedding ? - The wedding had to be fun . - You have your families .
GLORIA : So you dove into the icy water ? Why would a man risk his own life for the life of a complete stranger ?
Love ? I 'm starting to think that I , uh ... I 'm not so certain what that word means .
Yeah . So , um , we can have sex tonight . Um , then no sex for 48 hours , but , uh , we can tonight if you want .
Great ! Let 's sign the paperwork and we are done . This is just semantics .
So ? Ohristmas is six months away , Mom . Well , why should I wait six months to be happy ?
No . One day , you 'll look back on all this and laugh say we were young and stupid . [ CHUCKLING ]
Hi , is Chazz here ? Chazz , there 's someone here to see you ! Pick up your fucking skateboard !
Uh , you know , my wife and I , you know , we got divorced , like , 15 years ago , and , uh , you know , I 've had a couple of relationships on and off since then , but nothing too serious the last year or so , so ... How about you ?
What a freak . You met her at a funeral . Yeah , I 'll throw in a wedding every now and then , but funerals are insane .
You 're mixing it up . You got the sweet little grandma who 's really sweet with her , like , little , like , white hair , but then she 's kind of mean . But you 're like , '' Well , fuck it , she 's so old , and she 's not gon na change now . ''
Um , I like to see white people squirm ? Do you like this guy ? I do .
[ JAZZ MUSIC PLAYS OVER SPEAKERS ] You know , I saw you at the wedding . - And ?
Come on ! You both look beautiful up there today , particularly Debbie in that white dress . Enjoy it .
Every time I look over , you 're on your ass again . If I had any air in my lungs , I 'd scream at you . Oh , now you 're gon na blame me ?
He lies to her , Ryan . He 's the one you should be angry with . He tells her that he 's dealing with his parents ' estate .
That 's all I 'm gon na say . I ca n't stop thinking about you . It 's all I think about and I do n't know what to do .
How 's your mom ? Other than the fact my dad told her he might be coming home for Ohristmas , terrific . Your dad 's coming home for Ohristmas ?
Wow I 'll be in my room painting . Homo things .
Are you going to do that ? You are far too selfish for that . Mrs. Bryant , please .
Why was it Debbie Spangler ? Wait , your -- wait , your bag , your bag , your bag . Ede .
And I ... I 'm sorry to have to tell you that I 'm going to talk to my lawyer about the joint custody . I am .
These women ... You do n't , you do n't promise them anything , do you ? I like them .
I just thought once you got a new boyfriend , you 'd kick me out . I 'd be out in the street and get killed like Ray-Ray . You did kick me out but I ai n't dead yet .
Shit , I was in the same boat too . You got ta find something you like to do . Something you 're interested in .
I 'm fresh out . Ai n't you happy to see me ? No .
It 's awful . Thanks for your concern , Holly . I 've got 8 cats .
I do n't mess with that . So you and Yvette got a baby ? Where y'all stay at ?
It 's eating me alive . I do n't want to end up killing nobody . What am I gon na do , Jody ?
He was a fucking asshole ! He cheated on me four times . I mean , how stupid am I ?
Richard Watts . His name was Richard Watts . What ?
Dresses ! I got some business suits coming in ! You 'll love those !
Sorry . Why do n't you come with me ? What ?
Is he a killer like Henry ? Why do n't you get an L-7 boyfriend ? A white-collar brother with a briefcase .
How many millionaires you got on ? I count at least three . What are you talking about ?
That was a long time ago . I was young and dumb . Jody , are you messin ' with my date ?
Wow ! I 've never said that word before . Get used to it .
The Hoovers . That was a long time ago . I was young and dumb .
Mick Williams . I do n't think you know her . Um , and -- and we 're not together .
Be off this bitch , cuz . What part of '' couch '' do n't you understand ? I 'm fresh out .
Why was it me ? Why was it Debbie Spangler ? Wait , your -- wait , your bag , your bag , your bag .
I do n't wan na be the princess . I wan na be the queen , or the king . Ede ?
This is an all-purpose dress . I am prepared for anything in this dress . He likes music , so we 're probably gon na hear music .
I want you to have my baby . I want to have your baby . I want to have your baby .
Come over here . Listen , I 'm telling you , we 're gon na get through this . Okay .
Bam . They filed electronically , so you could n't stop even if you wanted too . A fait accompli .
Hey , I 'm freezing . Let 's warm up in the car . [ Davey ] You do n't have a car .
[ Laughs ] I 'm sorry I just always wanted to say that . [ Kids Laughing ]
Atlantic City . Oh , that 's in California , right ? New Jersey .
No more picking actors by drawn straws . We are gon na do actual auditions . I would like all of you to come in tomorrow morning having
That was really good . I have the music right here . So why do n't I give it to you ...
I do n't know . But I do know I 'm not her . Ok ?
Okay . [ mellow piano music ] [ cars passing by ] [ people singing '' We Wish You a Merry Christmas '' ]
The swim team ? You 're a swimmer , are n't you ? [ laughs ] Only in the ocean .
This does n't mean t hat I 'm not gon na ... give up that night . Because that night happened and there 's nothing I can do about it . [ cries ]
Can I help you ? Would you like to come in ? It 's Christmas eve .
Just saying . Alright , I bet you remember this ! Awaiting the sensation of a short sharp shock !
Will we stay here with Uncle Walter and Aunt Bitsy ? She 's not going to die , Jason . What if she does ?
I get it . I get what you were trying to tell me . And I did n't want to hear it but ...
Stay off the beach ... - And be home by ten . - Do n't worry , Daddy .
Makes you look old . I though I told you to leave . I like it here .
so now I can read Captain Underpants all by myself . I ca n't wait for you to read that for me . Honey , you do n't want to be late .
[ shoveling dirt ] Put some dirt on Daddy . [ dirt pours ]
Come on , Dad . He does n't like to talk about himself . So I do it for him .
Eric the Mayor ? Yes and unfortunately I have a city counsel meeting to get to . I guess I have to walk .
And in the next room ... How many people did they kill ? [ museum goer ] It was something like 220,000 .
I 'm not your honey . I 'm sorry did you say married ? [ Laughs ] What ?
Ventnor ... We used to live there . We still live there .
Excuse me a minute . I 'll take care of this . [ sobbing ]
I could never give him full value for it but something 's better than nothing , right , sir ? It would just be the of us . It would just be the four of us so we only need one room .
Mark is a pig . But the kids do n't know that . Agh .
( BOTH LAUGHING ) Where do you buy your clothes ? Oh , Dad gets most of our clothes from work .
So checkity check it ! I thought Mark was taking the kids whitewater rafting . Oh , shocker .
( URINE CONTINUES SPLASHING ) Well , why do n't you get them to give you some Flomax or something . JIM :
I actually heard it . I think they heard it in Uganda . It was a lot easier when he was Lou 's age .
And , '' Oh , I just have meet Jim . '' Well , she 's a liar and an idiot . You should roofie her and shave her head .
Yeah , that 's great . Did n't know you guys worked out together , but it makes sense . When one person
( ALL BOOING ) Our tradition is to invite the kiddies to the pool area for our famous kids-only safari buffet and 10-foot chocolate rain forest fountain ! Can we go , Dad ?
Thank you so much for taking me on this trip , Mom . This is the best day of my life ! Okay .
You and the boys . And boys need their fathers . They do .
Sir , that wo n't come in until toxicology is finalized . Doc Perkins ' preliminary finding showed no sign of foul play . Drug overdose is most likely the ...
You sure about that ? I do n't belong there anymore . I feel it in my cells .
That 's about it . Before you came here yesterday , I had n't seen you in a month . Three weeks .
State Homicide . Because Rutherford College does n't reveal this kind of information . Not even to family .
The job interview . Based on ex-Chief Stone 's attitude , I bet you never thought I 'd be standing here .
But you did one anyway . He said for you to stay out of it . What do you think he meant by that ?
Yes . So you think we might 've had dinner otherwise ? Yes .
You 're not usual . People your age are always certain of what 's usual . How would you know that ?
Well , he 's a dead sociopath . Some say he was hit by that car intentionally . Can I tell you something , Jesse Stone ?
When I asked you what happened , I meant , why did you lose contact with her ? I guess I got preoccupied with my favorite subject .
We got a rape three blocks away . What time was the killing ? 11 : 45 .
Come in . For a mother , the loss of a child is so unfair . I 'm sorry I did n't call .
We do n't have detectives , sir . Well , what should I call you ? Rose .
We did n't ... We could talk to the girls and see what they want too . They can ...
I will , most definitely . Okay , I 'm gon na get some water . Cameron , bravo !
Neck and your arms . Yeah , because then we could do this , too . We can just get this a little more ...
How 's that possible ? Because there was a lot of things going on . Is Marc Happel here ?
Yeah . - You need one more step , do you think ? I think what it is , too , I have to have distance .
And ... One , two , three , four , five , six . One , two , three , four .
Just finish it out . Do n't let the boys make you nervous . - Totally .
Another thing I was wondering ... I do n't know if this would be a bother , but because it 's so high-waisted ... Can , in the pattern of ...
Okay . I want you to turn . Maybe if you kept her on her leg .
Yeah . I mean , we basically know what we need to do to make it do that . - Mm-hmm .
Just feels like ... A little too , like , up ... - Too , like , up here .
And what it ... The reason I asked about Rabbit was because if it was ... If you could go down and say , you know ,
Dave , can you hear me ? All right , all right , I get it . Yeah , I can hear you through some kind of psychic vibration or whatever and not the phone .
A supercomputer can do over a trillion mathematical equations in one second . To that machine , one second is an eternity . Okay , think .
Because , I mean , best-case scenario , your career as a journalist is gon na be over because this is all anyone 's ever gon na remember you for . And do n't forget that there may be people out there ... real people ... who do n't want this out .
You 'll see it , David . You 'll see it with your own eyes . Do you understand ?
Yeah . - All I see is a wall . Oh , cool .
All right , give me a second . Okay , check between the sausage and the bun . You should find a $ 100 bill rolled up in there .
But now we realize that you , - and John here , apparently can . - Who 's '' we '' ?
It started just a couple of years ago . We were just a year or two out of high school , - just kids .
As I spoke , a strange jittery energy began to rise up in me , radiating from the chest out . At that moment , things began to clarify and become simple . All of a sudden I was startled to find I could see the cop 's next question before he spoke it ...
One . Okay , I have the bratwurst . Put it up to your head .
I can see people . It 's a hole to another dimension , I bet . - Wan na go through ?
The guy with ... Oh , right yeah , the fake magical Jamaican . - What was his last name ?
Except for over by ... there 's this one girl left . She 's peering through the glass doors down the Jetway thing . Our eyes meet and all that business like that there .
I tip . I never forget someone is there . Hi .
I think the one-night proviso was due mostly to the grim unimaginability of having to talk with her for more than one night . Whether or not you approve , I think we can assume you understand .
And blah . So , off the guy goes flying back to Tulsa . Then he puts his hand over his heart and swears he 's coming back to her , and he 'll be on that plane there with the flight number and time .
I 'm fine . It 's just , the holidays are always weird for me . Well , the holidays in general , or ...
Sorry , I did n't mean to startle you . There 's just one more thing I feel like I have to tell you about first , though .
Would that make a difference ? Why do n't we talk about this at office hours ? Okay .
Yes , just wait and relax in your seat , be the last off . Why everybody right away all the time has got to stand up as soon as it comes to a stop and cram into the aisles so you just stand there ... Wait .
She just stared into his eyes lovingly the entire time . She stayed where he left her all day in the gravel , weeping and giving thanks to her religious principles . She wept out of gratitude , she says .
Schizophrenic media discourse , exemplified by , like , for example , Cosmo . On one hand , get liberated . On the other hand , make sure you find a husband .
I 'm aware of how all this sounds and can well imagine the judgments you 're forming . But if I 'm really to explain this to you then I have no choice but to be candid . Yes , it was a pickup .
especially because your moving out here was something I lobbied so hard for . School , your apartment , having to get rid of your cat , Stitches ,
I think , '' I have promised myself to this woman . I have promised to love her . '' But whatever .
Release to elsewhere . Can I be released to elsewhere , mother ? Even just for one day .
I'm- - I 'm not very good , even though I had a very good teacher . Music .
Then the sensor would blink and remind me that I forgot it . No , I do n't mean if you forgot , I mean ... What do you think would happen if you chose not to be injected ?
Do n't fail us again . You want me to read all these ? Huh .
Hey ! Well , I guess we 'll find out tomorrow , huh ? Citizens are reminded that evening recreation will end in 30 minutes .
Everyone all together , laughing and dancing ... The old with the young . The bride and the groom .
Many different colors . You 'll see them all in time . But our people , they chose to do away with all of them .
But I knew Fiona will be punished for helping me . Asher , for letting me go . The only way to help them , to keep them alive , was to get to the boundary .
I admit it , I was scared . Tomorrow we 'll be assigned our job . Our purpose .
We 've already covered seeing beyond . There 's also such a thing as hearing beyond . The table ?
I 've taken care of everything . We 've arranged for your release . There 'll be a nice ceremony .
Music , joy . The raw impossible beautiful feeling of love . Your son , he felt that .
Love is just passion that can turn . It turns into contempt and murder . - We can do better .
The table ? All the food will slide to the floor . Now , do n't judge me ,
We were not hasty this time , we could not afford another failure . Jonas possesses all four attributes : Intelligence , integrity , courage , and one I can name but ...
The good things . Was I wrong to want that ? I thought about her now , all the time .
Forgive me . The last time I had a date , this is what we did . It 's beautiful .
... it 's for the sake of your music . - '' If '' you work too much ? Amanda , you cut 75 trailers this year .
I was stupid and impulsive . He was n't what I thought . I just started thinking about you and wishing and hoping that you would just forgive me .
I need the lights on . Jasper you have never treated me right . - Ever .
You 're supposed to vacate life , do the unexpected . And you are definitely unexpected . This all sounded wonderful till I became the cabana boy .
They always know just how to get us , do n't they ? He knows whenever he wants back in your life ... Actually , he has made some small comments like that recently .
And I guess what I was feeling was that I did n't wan na be alone over the holidays . I thought that if I was somewhere else I would n't realize I was alone . Then I got here and never felt more alone in my life .
It 's perfect . - I like this Hugo Boss . He cuts a nice suit .
And , you know , maybe I could go with you . As , like , your date or something . I would take you proudly , my darling , but I 'm not going .
Probably because I did n't mention it . But now that I know you were raised by such a strong working mom I can say it , and maybe you wo n't be intimidated . No , no .
Well , thank you . Thank you for rescuing me . It 's a pleasure .
Cool , man . But he told me , though . He said y'all motherfuckers moving some weight .
That 's why we have to surrender our souls to God . Well , to be honest with you , I 've been here before , all right , asking for God 's help a lot of times , okay ?
Do n't fuck with me . - I know what you wan na do . - I 'm telling you do not fuck with me .
Video games and television did it . That 's what cleaned up the streets . Come on , man . ' Cause y'all remember when everybody was outside .
Wait a second here . - You put candy in your bag . Get off the bag .
Get out of here . All right , I asked you to put it down . Why you got to go and get the bag ?
St. Michael , defend us in battle . Be our safeguard against the wickedness and snares of the devil . May God rebuke him , we humbly pray ;
I heard you let another cuffed perp escape . What 's that , about six now ? Is he fucking laughing at you ?
But do Thou , O Prince of the heavenly host by the power of God , cast into hell Satan and all the evil spirits who prowl this earth seeking the ruin of our souls .
Okay , have no fear . The trusty coat hanger is here to save the day . Aw , shucks , I bet you say that to all the girls .
There 's like a thousand reasons . Look , just shut the door . I 'll deal with it later .
The windows of this building , they do n't really work right . So we can go out the window , climb up to the roof go to the other side and then get in through the lopans ' fire escape . Okay .
It should be right next to the , um ... Ah , shit , I let my buddy borrow my plunger , dammit . That 's why you never let your friends borrow plungers .
What do you do for a living ? I work at a bank . Fancy .
because you 're not gon na be as happy as you thought you were going to be . Then you 're going to be sitting there being like , `` why are n't I happy ?
Wow , you know what , screw you . That was a joke , I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry . You invited me here , just remember that .
All right . There 's one thing I have to do . If you love her , you 'll understand .
This is the downstairs toilet . - Oh , I thought it was the wine cellar . - I wish .
No , you have the lasagna tonight . We can finish the chicken tomorrow . Look , I ca n't talk now .
Three . I 'll give you a hint . I 'm left-handed .
I 'm sorry , babe , he made me choose . I suppose a date 's out of the question now . I 'm so sorry .
Sure . - You can ask my mum . So , same time next week ?
Un mutilé de guerre . Et les autres sont des médecins , infirmières , et tout le personnel d'un grand établissement médical et thérapeutique . Continuez , mes enfants .
Five years have passed . Five summers with the length of five long winters , and again I hear these waters rolling from their mountain springs with soft inland murmur . Oft in lonely rooms'mid the din of towns and cities
Yeah . He says ... and I learned this , right ? I refuse to accept that I 'm better than Jack Lemmon , than Peter Sellers , than whoever else the other one was .
( Edward ) I do n't want any bloody magic ! ( Teacher ) Ranjit , who in the previous book was called John , has got six marbles . Zulema , who used to be Samantha , has got 12 .
I 'll lose him through here . He 's going on the race ground , follow him . - Let me out .
Can I have a go ? Of course you can , Dawn , you do n't need to ask . - Anyone over there ?
In particular , Detective Sergeant Terry Hicock , who having tragically lost his life in the line of duty has been singled out for the Queen 's Gallantry Medal for Bravery , along with fellow officer Detective Inspector Alice Frampton . ( Reporter ) Can you confirm or deny the rumours that a number of deaths on the estate are attributed to a vigilante ? Both the findings of the committee and the police investigation have found no evidence to support such a theory .
This is all about you . The world has to revolve around you . I 'm a driving instructor .
`` And less could not fix his desultory ambition . Other stimulants supplied the place '' ... Careful , you were going to Jimmy Saville then , but I 'll let it go .
Where have all the good men gone , eh ? Well , they 're not hiding in here , are they ? Come out , come out , wherever you are .
We 're like that . You know what I mean ? From the Clash , innit .
I love it out here . - So , do you want to go back to Leeds ? - Not really .
Lucas . - You come go down here , Lucas ? Are you the one that called ?
That 's a journey and a half , is n't it ? But the ... the biggest journey of them all is of the arctic tern . Because he flies from the Arctic ...
Giving it the big I am . Their problem is , they forget who you are . They think you 're old , think you 're a joke .
I ca n't get the image of snot out of my head now . Every time I look at that , I want to ... That was lovely .
Do you think it 's a phase ? Some of the literature says it will pass . I 'm not sure I want it to pass .
You 're aware of the shooting on Curzon Street , two dead ? As of now , we 're forming Operation Blue Jay . We 'll take a zero-tolerance stand on gun-related violence .
So , are you gon na ask Anna out this evening ? Jem , I think you 've had enough . Oh , shut up , George .
You can stand in front of a mirror and say someone 's name again and again and again , then they 'll appear . - Does this apply to anyone ? - No , you have to be dead .
Just somebody tell me what 's going on here . Well , we 're together , are n't we ? Where 's Jake ?
It 's not ideal , obviously , but ... It 's only a train ride away . At least not America or something .
No . I think I 'm rather tired , more than I thought . Well , let me read for a bit .
Thank you very much . - I would n't mind looking at her again . - She would n't mind looking at you again .
Now , I can tell by the state of your face that you did n't launch a surprise attack on Mr Roper . At least , if you did , it was n't very successful . Given his track record , you may well have acted in self-defence , but he 's the one in hospital .
What ? It 's like you look in the hole , and it knows you somehow . It brings your fears to life .
We have n't done anything . - You need to stop this . - Gemma , quiet .
( Man ) Fuck off . ( Officer ) Give me your other arm ! ( Woman ) Oi , fuck off !
Yeah . I think it almost is more beautiful in the mist . It 's like a ...
Very nice , Rebecca . Hey , Penny , we 've got another customer that needs cheering up . Oh , OK , Marie .
You barely know her , man . I 've known her 10 hours and I have a better connection . Of course , she 'll say otherwise .
Do you have ... Do you know him in Poland ? Of course .
You 'll get me going , too . I 'll call you back later . No , no , Mam , Mam .
Wait a minute ... Did you just ... ask me about my life ? My Goodness !
He said he was sorry . I 'm so done with him . You 've been saying that since the fifth grade .
Of course you did . He could n't keep a secret . - He 's dead because of you .
Even a bit of green by the estate , they do n't let them play there . But it 's hard for a lot of mums and dads , is n't it ? They 've had a hell of a week .
Clutch . You do n't want to stall . OK , find your biting point and peep and creep .
Can I have me change by the way ? Must make a nice change from that antifreeze you 've been sucking out of condoms . You ca n't really appreciate a drink you do n't risk your arse out for .
Well , yeah , because I inhabit the role , sir . I 'm not a turn , am I ? I inhabit the role .
To me it 's a pagan temple . Only you did blush a bit , sir . So , is that why Henry Vlll put the boot in , then , sir- because of them bunking up ?
Sir , this is consecrated ground ! ( Akhtar ) Not to me , sir . To me it 's a pagan temple .
TYKO : It 's just been a little heavy . Have you seen my girls ?
That 's the trouble with you , Rob . You 're not open to new experiences . I would remind you of the time I had a Red Bull and Coke .
Marcus ... - Shame he did n't bring one for you . - Three into four do n't go .
Just do n't know that . I 've got holes in me . I 'm losing blood .
It 's not mine . Mischa thought it would be good . She thought it would be useful in the Lake District , the Yorkshire Dales .
Not now Josh . - We 've only got 20 minutes left . - Leave it .
Here . This will help with the pain . Thanks for the party , guys .
Timms , I never understand it . But learn it now , know it now , and you will understand it , whenever . I do n't see how we can understand it .
What do you mean ? - You do n't think I ought to tell her ? Why would you tell her ?
Or who would talk in their middle age of the lure of language and their love of words. `` Words '' said in a reverential way that is somehow ... Welsh .
Are n't you ? Lisa always partied a bit too hard . Everyone knew it .
MORELLO : How long have we got ? J.J. :
Follows from the fear of life . The man who has lived fully ... Is prepared to die at any time .
Did you see any kind of bright white light ? Or a tunnel with Jesus at the end ? As a matter of fact , I did .
Yay ! But first , perhaps there 's something you might want to say to Daddy ? - Hello ?
If you learned that poem , which I appreciate , even though it was meant to intimidate me . If you got up this morning and said the poem in your own voice and meant the words . I chose a voice to suit the mood .
No witnesses . This is a heist , not a killing spree . We 're just supposed to get in and out alive .
As acting skipper , anything that happens aboard is ... his responsibility . He takes all the heat . Legally , he 's 100 % liable .
No . Not this lad , I mean they got teeth . Seriously .
' he cried. `` Then , all of a sudden , there was a big crash-bang-wallop `` and Little P flew in the window and collapsed on the bed
Yeah , I 'm at the fancy-schmancy restaurant . Oh , I really wanted to go there . What 's happening with that editing thing , the job with the guy , you know , and the ...
My mom just ... wants to find a good job . We want to find places for Lucas like a ... I do not know .
Remember how I told you they were gon na put me through management training at Weyland ? Worked your way from bottom floor to office , so I 'm proud of you . It were a good job .
I 'm serious . I 've got a huge night on Tuesday . If I do n't get everything perfect , my boss will kill me .
Come on . How 's employment with Mr Zigic ? Ah , you know , some days you 're the pigeon , some days you 're the statue .
A bit of food sees that , he goes running towards it . It 's not good if you 're on a date . You still go on dates , do you ?
That 's the way you need to play it . Girls need to be desired . They 'll chase you forever if you do n't give yourself to them .
See you after , OK ? See you in a bit . Excuse me , mate .
Hey ! Just give it a go . This is temporary .
There 's no hierarchy , is there ? I do n't want to rain them in , not like you . They should put back conscription .
Get the ... Mr Zigic , you 're making a mistake . No !
You know what ? I really do n't want to mess with it today . Why not ?
And if your friend goes to court with that tape ... Let me out , Josh , please ! Sean , you 've got to help me .
Who is this ? She is this total stranger . She is incredibly awful .
[ MUMBLES ] [ PIANO ACCORDION PLAYING MELANCHOLY TUNE ] [ SWITCHES TO UPBEAT TUNE ]
Yes , might have to give you a bloody good spanking . In fact , I was rather hoping I might stick to the bottom of your pan later .
I do n't care about the band . It all seems so pointless without Shell , you know . Fuck me .
I love photography . Captures memories in such a poetic way , do n't you think ? My boss , therefore your boss , Mr Zigic , he likes to keep things simple .
What brings you home ? That voice you 've got , does it hurt when you talk ? Whoever you think I am , whatever you think I 've done , you 're wrong .
It 's not good if you 're on a date . You still go on dates , do you ? Yeah , if I want to pick my ...
Yeah , go on . Give me a little slap , good . Now , give me a fucking slap .
Uh , it may be under his name , Brydon . Is another room under the name '' Brydon '' ? No .
Oh , Don Coogan . I 'm just gon na de-mist the windows , Rob , if that 's all right with you . See that there ?
♪ And you 'll think love is to pray But I 'm sorry I do n't pray that way ♪ ♪ Once I ran to you Now I run from you ♪ ♪ The tainted love you 've given I give you all a girl could give you ♪
No . But you can get in this sleeping bag when he 's finished with it . Can we have a bit of respect , please ?
Suit yourself . I 'm on Kim like butter on toast . Marcus has that other one .
You 've got a lot to do . We need it done by 11 : 15 . Piece of piss .
Have you got your foot right down ? - Yes , I 've got my foot right down . - What , right down ?
For her ? It seemed to me like you barely even needed the handcuffs . Have a good show .
Ahh ! ♪ It 's getting to me ♪ [ CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY ]
Oh , dear . Have you ... you have n't separated ? It 's in limbo , you know ?
Do you have any fears ? Like scariest thing you can think of ... Like dinosaurs , spiders or an alien egg ?
It 's just like riding a bike . So you got to learn . They got Jade .
Where are you off to ? I 'm going to Scotland to get Jake . Hiya , Mick .
? And a nightingale sang in Berkeley Square ... ? ( Singing continues downstairs )
Because you would have tried to stop me . I 've spent the last year of my life and everything I have planning this . They have to pay .
We know where Roper 's gon na be . If we go now , he wo n't even see us coming . All right , Dodd , we 're all upset here , but let 's not be fucking stupid .
No . I was n't really thinking about anything very much . I was thinking about having my dinner .
No . Let 's see how Satan does with nails . So ... what do you do now ?
So ... what do you do now ? I want to find out why the hell 's there 's a hole in my basement . That weird guy you said that lived here before ?
Do the two of you realise that you 're embarrassing yourselves in front of our new neighbour ? Better than Mr . Hide walking in Clark Street in boxers . Does n't it ?
Look , the new crew arrive on Monday . This is our last weekend together . What do you say ?
The birthday bash was meant to be a surprise , and ... well , then , his flight got cancelled . I 've been ringing around putting people off , but I have n't done a very good job of it evidently . So , there 's no party ?
Thank you very much . So you might have noticed a little change to our usual lineup . Morello 's developed a nasty growth on her right hand .
About time he did something . We should make a move . - Yeah .
Wo n't be long . Right , then , Mr Miller , you are free to go . PC Nixon will escort you to the desk sergeant and get you signed out .
Let 's do it . No one calls it in until I have that tape . - Sean , just call it !
That 's a lot of locks . Probably keep you from gas pipes or something . Or a treasure maybe ?
MARK : It 's just a pair of handcuffs . MORELLO :
We 'll take a zero-tolerance stand on gun-related violence . We 're gon na come down quick and hard on the criminal gangs that control the flow of heroin on the estate . I have spoken to Division and they concur .
Black concedes the centre of the board in expectations of a play . Spassky was a rook to knight up when ... Anyway , Fischer won .
Sorry . Well , it would n't be for me , but if it works for you , that 's great . It 's really brave .
He is nothing . Yesterday , I had two hundred thousand in the safe . Today ,
How come you know all this by heart ? Not that it answers the question . So much for our '' glorious dead '' .
Yeah . What do you want , Stephen ? I do n't know .
Wow . This is your room , sir . Oh , beautiful .
But this is terrible . It 's been hushed up , naturally , 16 generations of French Catholics . Suicide 's about as shameful as it gets , not to menton a faggot cop-out .
Mr Attwell is dead . Sergeant , could you get Mr Brown a glass of water , please ? What happened ?
No , I 'm not going to . Tell me who sent the postcard . - I do n't fucking know , all right ?
And Dane is not going today because his registration is next week . What are you planning on doing today besides causing trouble ? Well , Julie 's gon na show me around this ghost town .
We 'll look after him . Just like we look after everybody . I 'm a little bit bored with you men and your problems at the moment , Edward .
I 'm more similar to him . Well , why do n't you do the sort of roles that he does ? Because no one will give those roles to me .
How can you teach the Holocaust ? That would do as a question . Can you , should you , teach the Holocaust ?
He was n't a happy man . Always felt there was something better . Oh , dear .
What do you mean it 's not gon na happen ? Well , I mean , it could . I pulled you .
What 's it going to be ? - You come and sit here . Have a look .
Thank you . I 'm not the sort of magician who drags you through endless mysteries . I 'm pretty straightforward .
CREW : Go to Artist Liaisons , maybe then can help you . What 's wrong with you ?
From the North to the South Pole and that is ... ssh ! And that is 9,300 miles . That 's right .
Is Degas an old master ? - '' About suffering they were never wrong , The Old Masters ; how it takes place while someone 's eating or opening a window . ''
`` Oh , he 's on location . '' `` It 's really hurting , really hurting , ah . '' Doctor comes in .
Or anything . Like a light coming through a crack in the ... Or a aliens .
Um ... Well , do n't you find it exhausting , still running around , going to parties and chasing girls ... I do n't run around and go to parties .
This is n't an olderly camp . We 've got clients to please . He thinks he 's Rambo .
What the hell is going on ? Dont you ever let me catch you doing anything like that ever again . Now go to your room !
Terry , give us a minute , please ? I 've had a request from Division . They 're looking for an experienced officer to head up a major inquiry into identity theft .
Labour spokesman , Lindsay Rhodes , said the party had nothing more to say of what was a sordid and sorry case . Single mother , Karen Dobbs , was shot yesterday in front of her two-year-old son . A police spokesman says Miss Dobbs was a victim of a random and senseless act of violence .
And how it would be a tad embarrassing if , uh ... well , if anyone found out about it . Which is technically blackmail , I suppose , but whatever . I filmed it .
You were n't interested in Wordsworth before we went on this trip . Or Bolton Abbey , going on about Bolton Abbey . This is lovely .
Oh , please take Joe . Right , but I really wanted to stretch my legs . George , please , I ca n't .
It 's me again , it is . Listen ... there 's something wrong with your answering machine , I think . So ,
I ... I ca n't give you any more time , Dixie . I can not live like this .
I ca n't leave him on his own . ♪ Have twenty '' one mores '' Oh , it does not relent ♪ ♪ The good times are killing me ♪ ♪
I say Michael Caine used to talk like this in the 1960s , right ? But that has changed , and I say that over the years ... Michael 's voice ... has come down ...
Good . - You can relax tonight , though . - I will , I will .
So , we all took cover ... and watched him die . I 've never told that to anyone . You should have called an ambulance for the girl .
Oh , was it ? He told me he talked to the police and what did you lot do ? Nothing .
( as woman ) Jerry , please help me . Shall we just have a cigarette on it ? Yes !
That was teenage experiment . Wanted to see if I could take the pain . And could you ?
Just fancy a bit of a walk up here , is n't it ? - How are you feeling , Dad ? - I 'm dying , son .
Two of Martindale 's associates who operate out of Curzon street were also shot dead a week ago . Neither of whom you 've questioned in connection with the killing of this old man in the subway . Of course , you 'd have known all this if you 'd been at the briefing .
It was a lovely poem . What would have been really nice is if you got up this morning ... If you learned that poem , which I appreciate , even though it was meant to intimidate me .
# Then I met you # I had my life all mapped out # You were the same , I suppose
# Not a tear but a cheer , make it gay # Give me a smile I can keep for a while # In my heart while I 'm away
What happends when you 're my age . I 'm hopeful thinking you 'll never get there . Trust me .
I just wanted to do my job . You had no intention of learning how to drive . You had one thing in mind .
You 've got two choices , Harvey . You can either run away now and maybe you 'll get far enough I 'll never find you , or you take a swing . But if you do , you 'd better swing hard , 'cause if I get back up , my face as I bury yours into the ground will be the last thing you ever see .
Got it . Oh , do you know what ? - What ?
I thought everybody did . I 'm a Jew , I 'm small , I 'm homosexual , and I live in Sheffield .
She came back . Right now she 's pleased to see me . Thankfully I 'll be gone before the shine wears off .
I 've never told that to anyone . You should have called an ambulance for the girl . ( Quietly ) Put you in here .
Any trouble outside ... You 'll leave at the door . You come here to train .
She came on to me knowing . Because you 're not talking to me . I told you , you speak again , I 'm gon na knock you out .
'Price 's methods were thorough and no nonsense . 'Like many scientists of his generation , he believed it was a matter of time ... ' What do you think happens when you die , Dad ?
I 'll make some calls . What about your little brother ? Do n't worry about him .
I mean , I ... I know it 's very hard , but ... You 've got to see , if you told her , it would achieve absolutely nothing but misery .
Come here ! Come here while I kick you ! You think they sent me here to be abused ?
Feeling alright ? Just tell us Adam Shanko put you up to this . Cause we know .
He 's half done already . ( Hicock kicking against the floor ) ( Hicock still kicking )
Do you know this guy ? I 've never seen him before in my life . Hey , Tyko !
Ah , yeah . That 's moments when history rattles over the points . - Shall I tell you what you 've written ?
I did n't lie . Well , maybe a little , but only by omission . I had my reasons .
Hi , there . You 've got a lot of scars . I 've been in a lot of scrapes .
Steve Coogan . Oh , you may also know Steve from some of his very good art house films that have been very well reviewed by some of the broadsheet newspapers . Steve Coogan .
Keep going , keep going . The left brain is information , data . It 's dead .
I do n't know . There was a mix-up apparently at the door . You know what , it 's about time you lot ...
I just need some time . We 've got all the time in the world . - Niko , please .
Here we go . What the fuck is going on ? Now , I 'm going to need my money back .
Not just any orthopedist . I 'm gon na see a Dr. Epstein ... Hey , Sack , how long have you and Claire been seeing each other ?
Hey , Beckworth 's dead . We got officers on the scene , but it looks like , uh , there 's another victim . And , Frankie , there 's something else .
Some bullshit story you tell a kid to help him to sleep ? Not to help you go to sleep . It was a story to get a boy to understand the ... the capacity of love , and maybe now it 's become a story to understand the importance of belief without evidence ... trust without reservation ... faith .
MIX DID YOU LOSE THIS DOG ? Uh , sorry .
Uh , look , like I said , the investigation is still ongoing . Uh , all I can say is that it looks like he came over to confront Mr. Beckworth , but we 're not sure if or how he knew Ohristie was in there , so that 's really all I can say . Thank you , Detective .
Like a worthy adversary . Not a human being that 's armed ... - Oh , if he was n't armed .
What ? You did n't approve of that ? - Let me get settled before you go .
[ IN NORMAL VOICE ] Of course , like all kids , I had imaginary friends , but not just one . I had hundreds , and all of them from different backgrounds who spoke different languages . One of them , his name was Caleb he spoke a magical language that only I could understand .
He did n't flip the breakers in the fuse box when they popped the winter before last , and he did not drive you to the hospital . When you fell in the driveway , you fell , Mom , and I drove you . I did , Mom .
I went to the park at the end of my street to eat my lunch , and I saw Ohristie there with one of her friends . I think her name was Heather . And , anyway , Ohristie was , uh , sort of helping , uh , support , carry Heather , who 's limping .
I mean , it 's time to send them home . Sack , do n't do anything crazy . - I 'm just gon na scare them a little bit .
Wow , that was inappropriate . Yes , it was very inappropriate . I 'm sorry .
You better lock it up . - You better lock it up . - No , you lock it up .
I 'm a good listener . I 'm not in a place to discuss what happened . Okay ?
I spoke to him yesterday . I think he might be coming home for Ohristmas this year . Has he said anything to you about that ?
I 'm so sorry . Shlomo had a scuba-diving accident . Yeah , he came up too fast and the oxygen deprivation ...
What I got Is a man that 's right for me Sounds really good .
Poor guy . He does n't remember anyone , even me , his own brother . I 'm just some nice guy who helps him out .
I do n't think that that 's what I want . Yeah , I mean , and this -- this thing that we have that 's awesome for me , you know ? Hmm .
I do n't know . It does n't have to be some deep , dark secret . Okay .
Um ... Mark and I had a son that drowned , Otto . I 'm so sorry .
That 's my little girl . When will you say '' Daddy '' ? You want to go to Disneyland ?
I heard some news . I wan na talk to you . Follow me .
I did too for the most part . And I think that we should get to know each other . 'Cause I think that you are a really good father .
You got a baby by that punk-ass nigga Jody ! - Two days and you ai n't gave me any . - That ai n't my problem !
That 's what I think is sexy . I like your hands on my flesh . I like that you have calluses on the palms of your hands .
Yvette ? You see this shit , Pea ? Played too much .
Mark , my -- my first husband he tried to , uh , kill me more than once . And I have a restraining order against him . I mean , I still-
Check it out . I got dresses , shoes , baby clothes . Take your pick .
Just hold on . We 're gon na call the police right now , okay ? Shh .
-I learned so many incredible secrets . When placing ads in newspapers just one secret I can show you can make you a fortune . Nice , huh ?
I thought that would get you . Now listen , Otto , I 'm gon na send you the e-vite and you come , okay ? Bye .
I 'd be out in the street and get killed like Ray-Ray . You did kick me out but I ai n't dead yet . I 'm a rider for mine .
it 's not such a big deal . Well , you 're lucky in a way . Oh , I know .
Your house , nigga ? You do n't even live there . Is this Jody ?
He 'll never leave his mama . Then let him fuck his mama . Have her ass up at the clinic .
So I'm- - I 'm gon na go there for six weeks and do this like , total immersion Spanish thing . So ...
Who ? Tell me and I 'll get it back for you . I stole my car , Jody .
What ? We 've to be quiet , okay ? Okay .
I should be like you , Melvin ? You could never be like me . You do n't need to be .
What do you mean , if I want you to ? No , I do n't want you to ! Did you ?
We need you . I 'm not the person I was before . Before Adam .
Literally . It 's not even a real Christmas . [ Men Arguing ]
Is that a joke ? Before he was many days old , he was not only looking like a mouse , but acting like one too . He was wearing a gray hat and carrying a small case ... [ knock on door , squeaks open ] Just me !
I mean you are smart and worldly . Like that thing you suggested about developing the land . I mean ...
Daddy ! But what about your business trip ? I told them they could wait .
If you think my life is just so easy , you 're wrong . [ Jane continues to cry ] [ bathroom door shuts ] [ soldering iron sparks ] [ T.V . plays in the distance ] Hey , it 's a school night .
* Tis the season to be jolly . Fa la la la la la la la la * Penny who ?
You mean elbow , do n't you ? - Are you always so friendly ? - When I feel like it .
[ Clears Throat ] Not a creature was- [ Clearing Throat ] [ Cough ] Stirring .
[ Jane laughing hysterically ] We could n't be more pleased that you and Jane Albertson are friends . You know , her mother is in my Thursday book group .
We feel responsible for you . Now , Jason is eager to go to school , so tomorrow I 'm taking him over to Aspen . It 's a very good elementary school .
I should have known . Officer there is absolutely no problem ok ? We were having a snowball fight .
Ow ! [ more wind and sounds of nature ] Daddy ?
I mean they 're beautiful but they 're just so big . You can certainly develop part of them . Like a country club .
Since when ? Since when does everyone here know better than you ? You 're turning into them .
No . That 's because in college I took debate and you did n't . Which means I know something you do n't .
I actually ... [ Sigh ] Have n't improved any since my audition . But I have .
[ man ] Yeah , you . I thought you were in trouble , the way you were calling out . [ Davey ] I 'm fine .
Well we should let Mr. Barnes go . And how many years have you played Santa now ? Everyone auditions .
Like this little beauty . 253,000 miles and still going strong . [ slow music ]
It must have been a heck of a concussion . Eric please tell me you remember our life together ? Honey ?
It 's what you learn that counts . Not what kind of grades you get . Where did you learn that ?
Teddy Jr. said she ran off crying . Mia locked herself in the den and wo n't come out .
It 's a matter of nuance . You care if I walk with you ? Knock yourself out .
Wow , it 's really pretty here . It 's like we 're in another world . Well you can see why Oppenheimer chose Los Alamos as the site for '' Project Y . ''
Sure . - I want to show you something . - Ok .
She is learning- She is learning to control and manipulate to get what she wants . You say that like it 's a bad thing .
Thanks for bringing me tonight . Glad you were with me , Tiger . - I 'm going to miss you .
Sarah 's dad got blown up in a war and now he has a metal brain . Uh , does anyone have any questions ? Does Uncle Walter make bombs ?
Girls , why do n't you hit the buffet also ? Larry , make sure you have plenty of beef , okay ? Got ta bulk up for the season .
MARK : Laur , the meeting went longer than expected . What do you want from me ?
A date ? Who told you I went on a date ? You should really change your e-mail password , little Miss 072099 .
Look at this candy . Here is where you make more Theopotamuses . ( LAUGHING )
I keep them in color-coded sleeves ... All right , I 'll give this back to whoever it belongs to . Lauren Reynolds .
Or I could say , '' Pass that pickle . '' And you could say , I do n't know . Something about a pickle and you cheating on me . ( CHUCKLES )
LAUREN : I 'm sure he does n't mean to . LOU :
Well , she 's 15 , you know ? She 's bound to grow up at some point . I know .
So wait . How do you know where I live ? I Googled you and '' Closet Queens '' came up .
No . If Mfana can do it , I could do it . It 's totally safe .
I got ta give it up to Dick . He 's probably the most romantic guy on the planet . Yeah , he 's got the moves .
Yeah . I was looking for Lauren . You and me both .
Did you get the medical examiner 's report , Luthor ? Sir , that wo n't come in until toxicology is finalized . Doc Perkins ' preliminary finding showed no sign of foul play .
I believe he falsified his résumé . Yeah , I-I-I think that was the reason . Was there another reason , Lewis ?
State Homicide interested in a death that the local police have described as a probable suicide ? Suicide 's not good for your image . Addiction is a complex problem .
Rose . Well , Rose , as you know , we 're understaffed here . We lost a very good man when Detective DeAngelo left .
There 's just some things I should know about Cindy that I do n't . What happened with college ?
I have some questions . Prosecutor : '' We have you at the crime scene . '' Charles Morris :
You 're a good kid , Lewis . This what you want to do with your life ? No , Jesse .
She understands . She said she ca n't afford not to stay . You 're a good cop , Suit .
No , you said that . No , last time you said I had a fear of loss .
Pimping . Please do not tell Dr. Parkinson about this . What did Valery do here , Lewis ?
People your age are always certain of what 's usual . How would you know that ? I used to be your age .
I raised them , he paid for it . He 's always been good that way . In what way was n't he good ?
Yeah , that 's fine . - Because I think what 's happening is I 'm getting really twisted .
Yeah . Are people still getting changed ? No .
I think , also because of his body and how he looks , that , like , it all feels very high , like ... I do n't know , maybe around the neck or something . Just feels like ...
She 'll have ... I mean , this really does feel secure . Little trunks to match ?
Bridge , stand by to pick up the couple with cue ten , half minus , and stand by , Penny , to switch the light walkers , please . All right , so applause , applause , applause . Light cue ten , go .
I think that 's cool . I do n't think I 've ever seen that , - which is good .
I 've probably been ignoring it , maybe . I felt yesterday , probably , maybe not so much today , but I felt like today there was , or yesterday , there was this disconnect between what 's happening here , - which is very cool .
I felt like the backdrop and her costume were identical . So I want to play a little more with that . The tricky part is , if you separate them , it feels like the end of the movement goes down , because it gets darker , you know , by making a richer back ...
It 's okay . Make the first lifts more efficient , okay ? The first , like , when she 's just in sixth or fifth or whatever , okay ?
I 'll count slow . So you just count it as an eight . - Yeah .
Let 's try that . I 'd rather be a little further . That was good , though , up until ...
Thanks . I liked it better than the first time . No , I really did like it .
What better way to use them than to fish for free beer at parties ? You had this one early this morning in the middle of the thunderstorm . And in the dream , you were back with your girlfriend Tina .
He 's one of the missing , right ? Well , he 's the guy who called in the ... the whatever happened here ... about 4 : 00 in the morning .
I woke up with my camera busted on the pavement , blood running down my shirt , a big fat cop standing over me and he says , '' Stay down , nigger . '' So I think I knew then what I was doing this job for , and in the years since ... what ? What , Wong ?
No . This is a man 's job . - Whoa !
It moved ! John , you can either come with me to the hospital or I 'm gon na call an ambulance , all right ? But I 'm not gon na just stand around
Like a bomb or some kind of ... Nothing you 'd know how to do . I 'm sure of that .
I could n't get oriented . It was like I kept slipping out of time . - No , wait .
I must confess I do not know from where you came , but I can tell by looking at you that you have not been infected with the great disease . I assume we share a common enemy . If you can not defeat him , then all hope for mankind will be lost .
just a cheap one from Home Depot . - On one bitter winter day you use said ax to behead a man . Do n't worry ...
Hey . Uh , I found your dog . I know .
Just keep walking . Just go toward the park . And do n't freak out .
Wait , Dr. Albert Marconi ? The guy who hosts the '' Magical Mystery '' show on the Culture Channel ? You dumb-ass .
And this , this is what gives me contempt for these guys that go around thinking that they 're the Lord 's own gift to the female species . And watching them in bed is like watching when the mechanics in the white suits workin ' on a Porsche . They 're all swelled up on their own expertise .
`` No , no , this is who you signed up with. `` This is who you 're gon na spend the rest of your life with. `` This is who you 're gon na be with for the whole rest of your life . ''
And now here she is , in the car . And she 's realizing that she 's in for the biggest struggle of her spiritual life . She stares directly into the psychopath 's right eye and wills herself to keep her gaze on him directly at all times .
You had the same face when you left . You just stood there with this look . What ?
Fine . I thought it was easy . I thought your claims about women were wild and incendiary , and I think you absolutely wrote it for shock value .
This was my father 's environment . Top-rated historical hotel in the state . The finest lobby , the single finest men 's room between the two coasts , surely :
seemingly very content and close . But what he really wants to do is give her a special disconnected telephone number and never contact her again . And that the reason for this cold and victimizing behavior is that the very connection that he had worked so hard to make her feel terrifies him .
Try . Well , call him and see if he'II , you know , set up something . But it needs to be soon , I would think , right ?
You know ... Okay , Jeff , well , have a good night . Have a good night .
But I just ... No , I 'm not saying that this is reassuring . What I 'm saying is that I 'm trying to get you to see that sometimes things ebb and flow , okay ?
Well , maybe . I think I saw it in my friend Fiona 's hair . My first was yellow .
I saw sights and sounds I had no words to describe . Faces with flesh of all different colors . I felt so alive .
This was forbidden . I did n't know what to think , what to believe. `` Have faith '' , the giver told me .
I did n't know what to think , what to believe. `` Have faith '' , the giver told me . He said , '' faith , '' that was seeing beyond '' .
Would you like to issue me a warning , director of justice ? This is just for a while , mother , till the little guy catches up . I think we 're all in agreement that he sleeps in my room .
Your son , he felt that . That girl , she has felt it . - That 's enough .
I 'll take that as a '' yes . '' This comfort object , is not a hippo . It 's an elephant .
He seemed ... angry . I did n't understand why , but I wanted to help him . He hit me , and at first ...
Fine . But tomorrow after work , meet me at the triangle . I wanted to share it with her .
Jonas , just in time for feelings . Lily was telling us how she ... - Where is Gabe ?
Nothing the giver had shown me had prepared me for the voices in my head . Screaming at me to stop . But I knew Fiona will be punished for helping me .
CARGO RELEASING - I do trust you , Jonas . Come on , please .
I stick out . Well , yeah , there 's only one receiver of memory . - Two .
Distant whispers of what once made us reals . Excuse me for one second , Fiona . I have -- - we must continue .
So , I guess this is it . The last night of our childhood . I guess everything 's gon na be different .
There 'll be a nice ceremony . Now , you get some rest . I felt things .
The great thing is I actually do . And I 'm about three years late in telling you this but nevertheless I need to say it . Jasper ...
Good morning . I lost my contacts last night somehow . - Much better .
We are the cursed of the loved ones . We are the unloved ones . The walking wounded .
This twisted , toxic thing between us is finally finished ! I 'm miraculously done being in love with you ! I 've got a life to start living .
`` I know it 's late to be asking but if you 're at all interested , please contact me . '' `` I 'm very interested , but the cottage is only available for home exchange . '' `` Home exchange '' ?
I can go loud . Two notes and you 've got a villain . I do n't know what to say about it .
I must have lost him . Amanda , I am so sorry . Can I call you back ?
You just do n't wan na be what I need . - Well , not what I '' need . '' - What ?
Well , let 's hope you find it , then . Not exactly something hot but happy Christmas . Thank you .
And I realize I come with a package deal : Three for the price of one . And my package , perhaps in the light of day , is n't all that wonderful but I finally know what I want , and that , in itself , is a miracle .
Smells good . I just have to say , this is one of the best Hanukkahs I 've ever had . Hear , hear .
You know what she said to me tonight ? She finished in Santa Fe after two days and has been staying with whatever-his-name-was . Which means she 's been right here in town .
One person . I wanted to get away from one guy . An ex-boyfriend who just got engaged and forgot to tell me .
Right . I 'm a book editor from London . You 're a beautiful movie trailer-maker from L.A .
What they gon na teach me in there I ai n't already learning out here ? But you 're gon na make that court date , right ? Come on , Tango .
I 'm out ! - Yes , good to see you back , baby . - Hi , Mom .
Yeah , well , I 'm not much of a reader either . - I 'll eat in the car . - Yeah , good .
Ooh . - You know my wife is black . - Of course I know your wife is black .
Do n't tell your mother . Here , you and Myeisha take this . Go out and have a good time , all right ?
' Cause there 's a problem with the deal . No no , there ai n't no problem , man . Ai n't no problem I ca n't fix .
And you have to understand , you can stay here as long as you need , until you get on your feet . A couple of days , three days ... However long you want .
Yeah , no , I just have n't changed it yet . Did n't you make the profile like two days ago ? That 's weird .
Behind me is the empire state building , but you ca n't see it . All you can see is snow . I bet you a 150 bucks
¶ ¶ so earlier you asked what I did for a living and I kinda got a little feisty . You , feisty ?
Um , I mean , honestly , I thought I was doing like a finishing move . Kind of like a '' mortal kombat '' thing like ,
When does she get back ? She was supposed to get back this afternoon but her flight got canceled . I heard about that .
Uh , okay , well , what if I told you that I helped her break into that apartment ? Then would you lock me up with her ?
This could be every day . But Cedric 's an EMT , can he like ... Helicopter me out of here or something ?
Nothing . A semester later I graduated with a degree I had no intention of using .
Did you , or did you not , break in through the window of Mr. and Mrs. lopan 's apartment ? You , um ...
This is what I deserve , it 's penance . Wow , that is officially the worst review my oatmeal has ever received . It 's what I get for slutting it up .
But ... when he 's ready , that girl 's not going to be there . He has no idea how rare you are . What are those ?
Oh , okay then . ( Crowd ) Five , four , three , two , one ! Happy new year !
Well , it 's got a bit of alcohol in it , so it tastes ... Was there a lot of alcohol in your garden as a child ? I 'm sorry , Rob .
Crap . - Oh , no , why 's that , then ? I did n't do much , just stayed in , really .
Yeah . - Take your shoes off , Suzy . - All right !
I do n't see what we can do about it . And you should n't have got us to come here under false pretenses . That 's just out of order .
I do n't like them . - You are late with your rent payments . - Oh .
Seriously . I went for a walk . Thought we were going out for a drink .
But to put something in context is a step towards saying it can be understood and explained . And if it can be explained , then it can be explained away . Tout comprendre , c'est tout pardonner .
Get on the train ... Listen , and use my ticket . I 'll get down there , OK ?
This is delightful . One of the most delightful meals , one of the most delightful homecomings I 've ever enjoyed . Oh , well , it did stick to the bottom of the pan a bit ...
One of the most delightful meals , one of the most delightful homecomings I 've ever enjoyed . Oh , well , it did stick to the bottom of the pan a bit ... - Did it ?
Look at it . Do n't tell me what it is . No , no .
Nikila ? It 's spelt with a '' K '' . Do ...
Are you warm enough ? # I know , I said that I was leaving - That 's nice .
Oh , well , make your mind up . Do you want to have a walk , get a breath of fresh air or something ? No ?
How did it go today ? What , with my flying flock of feathered friends ? Good , they loved it .
Go on , baby , you can do it . Go on up , leave the door . - You can do it .
Right . Conspiracy to pervert the course of justice . Those girls get in front of a jury ...
You just sat there crying ! Even when the policeman heard us , when he fell ! I tried .
Left you a message . - My battery died on me . - So how was your day ?
My membership . - You do n't have a membership . But I used to .
Bit of the Shackleton ... It 's a bit too bright . Well , this is what I would wear if I was , you know , genuinely out walking .
He 's only five minutes older than we are . What happened with Hector , on the bike ? As per .
Now , before you say another word , he was using it as protection . ( Raising his voice ) I mean , that man , he was frightened . Terrified .
# And in the end there is love ... # And in the end there is love ... - You 're looking good .
What did Father Christmas bring ? I do n't believe in him . I sha n't see another Christmas .
Thank you . It belonged to my father . My mother gave it to him on their honeymoon .
He 's right , he was in Spain . You could have got someone to post it for you . Oh , Come on .
Well , yeah , you 're right and I know that sometimes I talk too much . But it 's very hard because you wo n't talk at all , so it always looks like I 'm talking too much . Jesus , Stephen , ca n't you see this ?
# And dance and drink and screw # Because there 's nothing else to do The music 's stopped .
What if we do ? - It 's a long way to go to find out , Demps . - It 's a fucking ferry ride away , mate .
It 's not like any of us are paupers . Well , El 's father filed for bankruptcy over the summer . Shit !
Down you go . Spoken like a true lady . Paul , be careful !
`` blown away by the originality , integrity , and extravagance. `` I found it the best restaurant experience over the years . Love is not strong enough to describe what I felt about it ! ''
It 's not London , Dix . No taxis around here , boy . I 'll take you .
MARK : Let me take your jacket . God , how do I get this off ?
Yeah , lovely . Lovely place to grow up , you know ? Hello .
So ! You two did n't kill each other ? Not yet .
Dane ! let 's just stay down here . Did you close that when you came home ?
Look , do you want to catch fish or do you want to kill people ? - Do I have to count to 1 0 ? - Not tonight .
Give me a chance , I 've just turned 30 . - It 's only five years away . - You 've got to make plans .
Yeah , you carry on . You draw a picture now . Hold on .
What ? We just seem to argue all the time . He 's so angry with me that I ca n't seem to do anything right .
Now , as I made clear many months ago we operate and apply a zero-tolerance policy with reference to criminal activity involving firearms and the distribution of drugs . Most important , the findings suggest that crime on the estate has declined by almost 30 percent . With continued help from members of the community , we hope to eradicate the criminal element
No , I suppose it 's not . So how long had you been with Roper before the police arrived ? A few minutes .
All present and correct . I think three days should be the maximum that I stay away for . Mm-hmm .
Oh , you prick . You 're 30 minutes from dying . We 're an hour from shore .
So they 'll know , when they do an essay on the Church at the time of the Reformation , that , oh , look , some silly nonsense on the foreskins of Christ will come in handy , so that their essays , unlike yours , will not be dull . They 're not even bad , they 're just boring . You have n't got a hope .
# Each spring to him # And long for the day when I 'll cling to him # Bewitched , bothered and bewildered
♪ I do n't want that I want you instead ♪ ♪ If you do n't rearrange us ♪ ♪ If you do n't rearrange us ♪
Nothing . Well , that may be true , but I have a problem . Counsel will argue that whoever killed Mr Attwell did so out of self defence , which means they 'll be charged with manslaughter , not murder .
I know . When you say it , just do n't caricature it . Try and do it real .
Do n't ! - Please do n't make me do this . - Josh .
In a sweaty , loser kind of way . Uh , I know he brings out the maternal in you girls or something , but honestly , I think ... I think he 's a creep .
You lot . I think we should go back . - You what ?
Uh , no , I just found out this afternoon . But look , look , look , you 're right , I should have got you alone . - What 's up , guy ?
What 's truth got to do with anything ? - ( Mrs Lintott ) The new man seems clever . - He does .
He 's all yours now . Daddy said I could have ice cream . - Did he ?
Kids do n't help , though , Miss . Dakin , you 're happy , I 'm sure . Of course I 'm happy .
♪ Do n't touch me , please I can not stand the way you tease ♪ ♪ I know you hurt me so If I do not pack my things and go ♪ ♪ Tainted love ♪
Did someone say they were seasick ? Cos I 've got a very special cure . - E 's on the house !
How do you know ? That 's what I always think about God . He must get so pissed off , everyone adoring him all the time .
You see , when you die then you come back to life . You know , actually , you 're born again . Then you die again and , afterwards , you come back to life .
Lost his wife . Lives in a camper van . Like Popeye .
`` ' and travel to the land of wizardy-bizardy `` ' and have the jolliest dreams and fun . ' `` Mr Puffy put on his magic jacket and snuggled deep down
Yeah . Which had joined onto Laurasia , of course , and world famous Malham limestone pavement , I suppose , you would describe it .
No more contact . Here 's to Tammi , for being brave . - And a wicked girlie weekend together .
I ... I do n't know really what to say . Thank you .
Not really . There 's too many people I do n't want to see any more . So why stay ?
# That 's a shiver down my arms whenever I hear that ... Thank you .
Have you got any kids ? ( Mum ) ' Now then , ladies and gentlemen , boys and girls , ' please put your hands together for The Amazing Clarence ! Thank you .
'Cause you 're panicking . You know I 'm about to ... Because you look like you 're about to bloody talk !
I 'm Dane and the ... I live in the house now . We found your hole and we ...
Yeah , yeah , that 's about right . Right , now , when the alarm is triggered in a place like the Rise Club , it sends a message to the security firm that covers it , in this case , Steven Roper Securities . The alarm was triggered at approximately 11 : 15 .
I 'll need my cut tonight . No , I have n't had the chance to shift the bonds yet . Kramer and Sebastian , they know about the container yard and the bonds .
All right , we 'll get to that later . But what I want to know is what Roper was doing at the club before the alarm was triggered , when it was closed for business and you were trying to rob it . - Is it coincidence ?
We 'd like to talk to you about the situation that happend with your daughter . Now , no , no , I 've you just listen because we 're trying to help . If you ..
Thank you . Hotter than I was expecting . More heat in the chili sauce .
Oh , yeah . I am going to need a discount , though . So , you 've decided to leave your fella , then ?
I 'll give you half the publishing straight away , Dixie . OK , it 's very , very simple , Dixie . Yeah ?
You are ! You should n't get so involved . What about you ?
But for the record ... If I was still a player . You 're exactly the kind of dealing shit , I 'd string up for fun .
Seventy ? You said we 'd get three times that ! You know I need 200 grand .
That 's an octave up from the first '' do . '' # Do , re , mi , fa , sol , la , ti , do # No .
Okay . How did you let this happen ? Excuse me ?
Is this what 's it all about with you , Trent ? I thought this was about Mickey ? You two , I ca n't have this here , not now , alright ?
Do n't say stink Dane . I thought you said that this was n't that different from the last place ? It will be !
Please . We hardly even know each other . Whoo !
Can you just walk like a normal person ? You do n't have to be like this . I want no part of this Malibu Barbie hellscape .
I 've still got that song in my head . ♪ I 've got to run away I 've got to ♪ You were n't as shit as I thought you 'd be .
That 's an octave up . All right , but do n't do it as Roger Moore . # Ah #
I thought I was your best mate ? Look , Lucky , in our line of work , you just never know what 's going to happen next , and we just have to accept that that 's a part of it . Otherwise , we ai n't never gon na work again .
He cost Charly his life . I should n't have let it go . But I did .
I could n't get off'cause of the food , and then when I did get off , I was having awful dreams , really bad dreams . Blue cheese .
Do you understand ? When 's he going to die ? We 'll look after him .
He 'll be all right . # Here again , at the end , before the beginning # So the salt will spill again , throw it over your shoulder ... #
Do n't use that . Listen , Shell , that 's for our special clay , lovely . Look , I 've got some money I can use , and I 'll be back tomorrow for the BBC session , alright ?
[ BOTH SCREAM ] [ THE MAKE 'S '' YOU INSTEAD '' PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS ] ♪ She got loved up On the seashore ♪
Exactly . Let 's have a good time . Let 's just go and get a drink .
Just get in the car . I 'll be back in five minutes . Let 's get it over with .
It 's only gon na be a bit of bird . Yeah , but there 's nothing I can do . Yes , there is .
He 's in the jungle with Sting ! I would n't ring Sting anyway . What ... it was the only person you did n't ring !
We can get your stuff just how you like . Take as long as you want . - That 's not a word .
You knew there might not be enough cash to pay me what I need , did n't you ? You knew about the bonds . Still ca n't kid my kid brother .
Me . I told Nicola and she was so proud of me . A week later I were arrested and all that were left were an embarrassed look on Mr Stewart 's face .
( Singing continues downstairs ) Can someone inform me what the hell you think you 're playing at ? I 'm stuck up here on my own with nothing to keep my trousers up with !
And the ... we moved to Philly ( Philadelphia ) , Boston , DC ( Washington ) and then back to Brooklyn . Oh !
I live in the house now . We found your hole and we ... You took the locks off ?
You know about the limestone a wee bit without being clever . So you 'll know that it started off life in the Bahamas somewhere around that sort of line of latitude south of the equator . Well , the land mass was part of Avalonia .
Please do n't , please , Luke , Luke ... - No , Gem , Gem , run , run . - But what about you and Paul ?
[ BRUCE CHUCKLES ] No luck with the bolt cutters ? I thought you were looking .
Fucking hell , ofcourse you have n't . It 's like a time warp in here . This used to be the most feared pub in London , and now ...
Come on , shift your arses or you 'll all end up in the garage with the bus . Come on , everybody , off now . Call the fucking police .
He ... He had a dream last night and got scared because of this stupid thing about clowns . No , I do n't .
What ? I gave it to Tyko . Right , and I gave it to Mm-mm .
( Youth ) Let 's go . ( Man 1 ) All right then . Yo , yo , T .
# Well , come on , well , come on # Well , come on , well , come on ... # You want a go ?
I really love you , Anna . I want to leave Jem . It ca n't go on like this .
Like traffic wardens ? Warlords , gun-runners , international drug dealers . Sure .
Though the only person I 've ever heard address him as such is his somewhat unexpected wife . Posner came to see me yesterday . He has a problem .
No , we need to get flares or something . Someone 's got to be able to help us . Kim !
Thank you . I went to America , you know , by boat . Five weeks .
# No more ace to play # # Tell me , does she kiss # # Like I used to kiss you ?
Take them to the till . And lets pay for them , alright ? Hey , bro !
Luke . None of us sent the card , Justin . Seriously ... this has n't gone too far .
It 's the top six practice . Oil rights , shipping , all the high-powered clients . It 's in Scotland , Paul .
You 're just scared ! I 'm not scared of you . You 'd be here if that was true .
Oh I ... I told you guys I 'm not afraid of anything . But , I mean c'mon !
Enough her simple loveliness for me . '' Keats . We wo n't be examined on that , will we , sir ? - Keats ?
Er , she 's shopping . It took me ages to get to sleep last night . Why could n't you sleep ?
I have plenty of self-confidence . I 'm just sad about the breakdown . One tuna away , please .
A lot of seven-year-olds know more about the internet than we do . At least people are talking about it . That 's good .
So I took her to Lyons Corner House . We had a long bun , as it were . And that , as they say , was that .
[ TYKO WOMAN MOANING ] ♪ It 's a choc-choc train ♪ ♪ TYKO :
? If there 's a cloud above ?
My aunt 's dying . - I 'm sorry to hear that . - It 's all right .
Peter , how did you know Sartre was a golfer ? I do n't know that he was . How could I ?
It was the most fun I 've had without laughing . You know , they tell me ... I hear my ex-wife was violated in the street .
She is n't house-trained . - No , seriously , come on , have a big ... - I 'm so sorry .
I 'm not worried about it . I 'm just trying to figure it out . Stop looking at that and play .
Careful , you were going to Jimmy Saville then , but I 'll let it go. `` Other stimulants supplied the place and kept up `` the intoxicating dream , the fever , and the madness of his early impressions . ''
To ask some simple questions . In truth , I came here in peace . To show my respect .
You score 30 goals in these this season .. And I 'll buy these ones next year , alright ? - What if I score 40 ?
They 're looking for an experienced officer to head up a major inquiry into identity theft . Your background makes you the perfect candidate . I 've recommended you and they 've accepted .
No one should . You have to choose a friend , or take the test yourself . - Who 're you gon na choose ?
Mm-hmm . Cruel , but , I do n't know , compelling , I guess , is ... There is something very attractive about him .
What do you want a gun for , brother ? I want to shoot the pigeons , off ... off my roof . Yeah .
Now ... let 's have some coffee . George has got some news . Have n't you , George ?
Where the hell have you been ? - Hey , big boy , how 's your day ? Fine , Mummy .
Catwalk-honed . How many followers do you have ? Ten thousand .
BOBBY : Just give me the tape ! TYKO :
I did . ( Eddie ) Why do n't you listen ? Sorry , love .
I 'll sort it out , alright ? Just give me a few days . Shell , look at me .
Single mother , Karen Dobbs , was shot yesterday in front of her two-year-old son . A police spokesman says Miss Dobbs was a victim of a random and senseless act of violence . The toddler will be placed in the care of a local authority .
( Footsteps ) Sorry for setting the fire bell off . Sorry I put a lot of talcum on your floor and that .
Lovely . I think I 'll take another 10 years , please . Bollocks .
You 'd hurt whoever you could ! You wanted Felix to name names . We were the last people to piss him off .
Alan fucking McGee , man . I told you boys it 's happening . You got to trust me .
So , what 's it gon na be ? Because I do n't think you can take much more of this . All right , there was this one old fella ...
Yeah , of course , absolutely . Is true , what I read about you ? What do you read about me ?
Helen died . Oh , darling , I 'm sorry , that 's sad . Yeah .
How does stuff happen , do you think ? People decide to do stuff . Make moves , alter things .
Come to Daddy ! And they 're professionals , that 's what the important thing is . We ca n't take any chances with this .
Concentrate ! Any danger of a cup of tea and a pork pie ? Did I already ask that ?
No room for mistakes , none . Roper wo n't be heading off on the trip , though . No , you can be sure of that .
There you go . Take that , Nick , and what I 'd like you to do , is draw me a house . Do you think you can do that ?
Have you nothing to say ? `` The tree of man was never quiet ; Then ' twas the Roman , now ' tis I . ''
I do n't want to stay in the house . Just stay in the yard then . Annie !
[ West ] Right , for the benefit of the tape , Sergeant Kendon has just entered the room . I am pausing the interview at 1 : 30 hours . [ Harvey ] Hello , DI West .
We played ... We played chess in the Barge pub . ( Harry sniffs )
You 're my birth and I will let you live . But if you 're here tomorrow ... Yeah then what ?
Oh ... ( Edward ) Where are you going ? Out .
To show my respect . Leave and it can stay that way . But if you do n't ...
They drive me mad . Do you want a cup ? - Yeah , sure .
I wo n't take up any more of your time . I 'll let you know when there 's some further developments . ( Voices from the street )
Probably not . You never know with him . I 'm now wondering if there 's something there that I 've missed .
Yeah , I think so . Because horrible manager , I heard . Because any time .
That 's the stuff ! Hope they do n't mind trainers . They 're all I 've got .
Yeah , do n't worry . I 'll make a move soon . So it 's not because you 're saving yourself for anyone in particular .
Tastes of a childhood garden . Well , it 's got a bit of alcohol in it , so it tastes ... Was there a lot of alcohol in your garden as a child ?
He did n't even say thank you . I do n't know , some people . Does n't take much .
Search every locker , underneath the ring , everywhere ! I need to start going to the gym . You knew there might not be enough cash to pay me what I need , did n't you ?
Does anyone ever feel like they 're just disappearing ? I feel so much like giving up . [ SCREAMING ]
Anybody who thinks that 's racist is probably some uptight black asshole who wishes somebody would call him a monkey so he could complain about it . Finding reasons to complain is just another form of laziness , and honestly I do n't have the time or the tolerance for it . You do know those lids come off , right ?
We were in this kitchen , and I was baking you Rice Krispies squares , and I asked you why you did n't believe in God , and do you remember this ? Do you remember what you said ? You said , '' Where 's the evidence ?
I do n't want to be around someone who 's a nut job . - I need alone time with her . - You wan na hang out with Claire the boyfriend and Sybil , by all means .
He was a cadet for a short time before his dismissal . Oan you tell us why he was dismissed ? No , I ca n't speak to that .
It 's incredible . Al , you just spoke to the lead investigator on this a few moments ago . What did she have to say ?
How many fingers I got up ? Come on , Pepe , how many fingers I got up ? Oh , come on , I got four .
No . I 'll let you know if I hear anything . Okay , thanks .
Yeah ? The proper girl in the hat just eye-fucked the shit out of me . JOHN :
You do n't treat cake like that . - You got ta treat cake like a lady . - Look at that .
Yeah , that 's true . Well , thanks for telling us about him . Sure .
Hey , meet me at the back of the room . I 'll be waiting to say , '' I told you so . '' Good luck .
I was getting coffee today , and I thought that you guys might like some . I did n't know what kind that you 'd like , so I got one cappuccino and one regular coffee . I 'll just have ...
MAN : Why does Grandma have a gun ? - What did you do ?
They want him in a home . He does n't want to go there . Well , we 've done everything that we can to establish that you 're a responsible caregiver , so who ... uh , who 's assigned to us for this ?
WOMAN : It is pathetic what I 've had to go through MAN :
Not illegal . All right , we 'll see about that . It 's fantasy .
Mommy , let 's not go there again . Actually , Todd is an amazing painter . He 's going to the Rhode Island School of Design .
I got ta go . I was bad from early on . I just ...
I 'm just ... I 'm not really in the mood for this . - Fine !
I trust you , Mom . Your grandma and grandpa , now , that 's an incredible love story , is n't it ? I mean , that was perfect , right ?
I chose not to . But I 'll , I 'll tell you , Otto . I-
African-American . We have an African-American president , Archie Bunker . Okay , all right .
I 'm Debbie Spangler ! I wan na read my Bible . You should n't have done that .
You lied , Jody . You said you 'd never hit me . I 'm sorry .
I ca n't believe this ! I told you , I wo n't be in y'all 's business . What 's between you and Jody is you and Jody .
He cheated on me four times . I mean , how stupid am I ? What about you ?
Look at this thing ! Do you think it 's pretty ? I love it .
It 's okay . The whole thing 's kind of a mystery , is n't it ? Oh , I hear ya .
I mean ... listen , we do n't have to talk about it . I mean , I am your boss , it 's private .
Hey , hey , shh . Listen , listen , listen , I 'm right here . Okay ?
They ugly like you ? I do n't get along too well with my babies ' mamas . - I 'm sure you understand .
I- - I never should 've let Freddie drive so fast . That was so -- so dumb of me .
I have n't , um ... I mean , I really , uh ... I should 've been a better parent .
My name is Joseph Summers . My friends call me Jody . You want to be my friend ?
No , it 's a girl . Please give me a girl ! SubRip by FRANetic
Yeah . Let 's ask her for a date . Or um ... you know , play date .
If I had left 15 minutes ago , I 'd still be late . I see you have some half-finished projects . Oh , yeah .
Twenty years . Let 's see where you be 20 years from now . Melvin ?
What are you talking about ? You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen . Dad !
Listen ... I 've been all over this town today . And I think that we can use the pageant to raise the money we need .
Well , then I guess I 'm a fool . If Davey 's going , I 'm going . Nobody 's going .
This right here is what I 'm talking about . Christmas is not for the elves . Hurra !
Look , you need help . There 's nothing wrong with me . Look , I 'm trying to be your friend , so do n't play this game with me .
Just brought on by stress and energy drinks . This just feels so real . Yeah .
Come on , we 're gon na be late . - I ca n't find the right shoes . - Borrow a pair of mine .
Except if I 'm a figment of your imagination , would n't I know everything you know ? So me telling you would n't prove anything . It 's a fallacy .
And ... [ speaks Spanish , repeats ] [ teacher speaking Spanish ] '' When the lizards run '' . [ speaking Spanish ]
All of our schools are very , very good . And then I 'm going to take you over and register at the high school . School ?
Thank you . Remember Meg , Under the mat is where most people keep their keys . Copy that .
Oh , we celebrate medieval life ... You know , jousting matches and festivals . Do n't take this the wrong way or anything , but I 'm not really that into jousting .
Yeah . Oh god she lost her mind . I 'm going to fix you a drink .
I would n't mind living here . I 'd bring my little brother . And my cat .
Oh thank goodness maybe somebody that understands . With all this Christmas shopping and all . Yeah .
[ phone rings ] Uhm . [ phone rings again ] Hello ? Yeah .
She has n't seen me since I was five . It 's a nice picture of him , do n't you think ? [ girl ] Yeah .
Please ? Listen , if you wo n't do it for yourself , please do it for this town . [ Sigh ]
I want to . Everything 's going to be alright . I promise ...
Do I have to sing ? Do you want a part ? But ... * ...
Kids why do n't we uh , let uncle Ted and his guest have some space . Yeah that 's a good idea . [ Laughing ]
You ca n't swim ? In New Mexico , there 's not a lot of water . [ chuckles ] [ groans ]
You 're alone too . Yeah but , I mean , I 've had plenty of experience . And who says I have n't ?
And her smile . And I miss her little nose that she gave to you . Luckily you did n't get mine .
No , I do n't ! - Maybe you should just go on the trip and , you know , spend some alone time with Dick . See , he wanted the kids to come with us .
That was amazing . I 'm so sorry to show up like this . I was at your house the other day and I saw your ex-husband blow off Tyler when he wanted to practice .
Try it . And I got some for your mom too . Thank you .
She would sing all the songs to us . Especially '' Somewhere Over the Rainbow . '' You know what I miss most about her ?
No . I found a centerfold under his bed , and I tore it up . From a magazine , not the Internet ?
Heh . ( SINGING ) Yes , yes , you are blending We do n't feel that way about each other !
Burt Reynolds scrawny reject ! Hey , how old is that pitcher ? He looks like a NASCAR driver .
Brendan , do n't forget that I 'm picking you up for Scouts so do n't take the bus home . Thanks for telling everyone I 'm still in Scouts , Mom . You 're a good boy .
Actually , I thought of something that might help us both to save us some embarrassment . How about I bring that up to the cashier , and you bring this up for me . - Whoa .
Well , not all the way off because he looks a little like Lady Gaga . Why is this kid wearing a helmet ? Are you carrying him to bed again or something ?
Yup . You have such a beautiful face . ( CHUCKLING )
MM-hm . - And she says she has a lot of stuff to do . She does ?
I do n't belong there anymore . I feel it in my cells . Does Rose know ?
And if that 's what the grown-ups have done with this world that was given to them , then we 'd better get those boys ' camps started fast and see what the kids can do . And it 's not too late , because this country is bigger than the Taylors , or you , or me , or anything else . Great principles do n't get lost once they come to light .
Can I help you , Jesse ? Your hair smells of violets . Do you know what violets smell like ?
They did n't help her , but they did n't kill her . My sense is , you 're going after somebody , Jesse . I want to help .
The animal 's already dead , he just does n't know it yet . It 's a good thing animals ca n't think . Now , people ...
If you do n't like the answers you 're getting , check your premises . My new boss just walked in . You want to put my coat over your head ?
I just know . You 're not Chief of Police anymore , Jesse . Old habit .
Yes . Where do you go to school ? Rutherford College .
Rose . Like you to meet your new chief , William Butler . Actually , we 've met already .
Okay . And that 's why you called me . ( sighs )
If you say so . You lost your job in L.A. Now you 've lost your job in Paradise .
You 're not gon na stay and watch . After you pay , I will leave . Actually , I was a cop .
If you say so . I do n't think he did it . Jury did n't agree .
I just heard him say , '' One , two , three , four , five , six . One , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . '' Oh , he did ?
Can , in the pattern of ... Is this just a half circle ? They 're side seams .
It 's great , Justin . You know , we saw your Rabbit two days ago . - Oh , yeah ?
It 's hard for me to picture in my head , because sometimes I 'll , like , talk about sort of lighting aspects , and in my head , it 's much more extreme than I think . And then we get ...
Mm-hmm . - Joe has to do tree-frog fingers ... - Okay .
Five , two , three , four , five , six . Six , two , three , four , five , six . One , two , three , one ...
Can we make a note to tell Mark ? I , like , ca n't even see Amar . I know .
Oh , yeah . And he brisées to there , sometimes he gets really , like , loose in his arms , so keep an eye on him . Okay .
I think I was just trying ... If I just keep it going from there ... - Yeah , that 's fine .
We 've noticed . Just because I feel like I do n't have , like , such a long neck , so the more things come up , I feel like it ...
Make the first lifts more efficient , okay ? The first , like , when she 's just in sixth or fifth or whatever , okay ? Like , really contained , okay ?
I mean , they 'll do whatever ... I mean , whatever we want . I mean , there 's all sorts of ballets where they have to alter the shoe color , so it 's not an issue .
Okay . - Then how do you feel about , like , where things are cut here on you ? - Does n't matter ?
I was so happy with it . Tempos were great and everything . So , I 'm really looking forward to this premiere and everything .
You know that ? - Now we 're both gon na die ! - You ready ?
Okay , think . You 're standing on the thin cool crust of a gigantic ball of molten rock hurtling through frozen space . You 're in a situation that could threaten the nature of said existence on said molten ball , depending on which decision you make .
So you go to the hardware store explaining away the dark reddish stains on the handle as barbeque sauce . - The repaired ax sits undisturbed in your house until the next spring - when one rainy morning ...
My name is David Wong . I once saw a man 's kidney grow tentacles , tear itself out of a ragged hole in his back and go slapping across my kitchen floor . But that 's another story .
Oh . - That door can not be opened ! - No .
Dave , John . All of the human minds who have ever lived in history , all of your thinkers and writers and teachers and philosophers could not equal even one node of Korrok 's neural web . Our legions are ready for the call .
Korrok still exists ? - From our world , it 's hard to really know for sure . But it 's no secret that there 's still strange stuff going down in this town .
And do n't forget that there may be people out there ... real people ... who do n't want this out . Oh shit .
physically . - Tell me what you look like . - Oh , no no no no no no no .
I do n't know ! That 's what I 'm trying to say ! We went to Robert 's trailer ...
I knew she could . And I knew I loved . End of story .
I beckon her to me using only my eyes , or perhaps a slight circular motion with just one finger . And she , overpowered with erotic attraction , comes towards me . We meet on an exercise mat at the room 's exact center , she , removing the straps of her heavy clothing in a frenzy of sexual mania while my schoolboy 's uniform is removed with a more controlled and amused deliberation ,
And eventually , he resorted , after periods of unsuccessful counseling , to the practice of handcuffing his own wrists behind his back whenever he would lose his temper with any of us . This self-restraint eventually progressed over a period of years , such that the more enraged he might become with any of us , the more coercively he began to restrain himself . Often the day would end with the poor man hogtied on the living room floor , screaming furiously at us , trying to get the gag in without getting bitten .
They want to be autonomous . Basically , it 's all still an elaborate semiotic code . And the only way not to get lost in the code is to approach the whole issue logically .
Yeah , well , I finally got my paper back . I was wondering whether we could talk about it . Well , Daniel , right now I 'm actually in the middle of my own research .
And I realized in that moment that I had never loved anyone before . She had addressed the psychotic 's core weakness , the terror of a soul-exposing connection with another human being . Nor is any of this all that different than a man sizing up an attractive girl at a concert and pushing all the right buttons to induce her to come home with him and lighting her cigarettes and engaging in an hour of post-coital chitchat ,
`` or any of those things ca n't also have their positive aspects in the long run ? '' Now , that 's shocking , especially as a woman . See , you ... you misunderstood what I was saying .
Does n't it ? But I looked at her , and she was beautiful , and she was a mother . And , you know , I remember thinking ,
I just want to show her up . You know , and then it 's like , '' All right. `` You asked for it .
Okay. `` Who are we to say getting incested or abused or violated `` or any of those things ca n't also have their positive aspects in the long run ? ''
And then he asks her to get out of the car and lie prone on the ground . And she does n't hesitate or beg . She was experiencing a whole new depth of focus .
It was as a child , while watching Bewitched , that I had my first erotic sensations . Elizabeth Montgomery would perform a circular motion with her hand accompanied by the sound of a zither or harp and produce a supernatural effect in which all motion ceased and all the other characters were suddenly frozen in mid-gesture . So it is of little wonder that my fantasy also involves supernatural powers over the women of my choosing .
Differently . Saw things other people did n't . I never said anything .
What 's past there ? What 's past '' the outer edge ? '' `` Boundary of memory ? ''
Hello ? I have something to show you . here .
And yet ... And yet you and Jonas want to open that door again . Bring all that back .
Do n't mess it up . I 'll be wanting it back . You donç ¨ š mind if I accelerate your training a bit , do you ?
Asher , there 's something that I have to do , that is right , but it 's sort of against the rules . If it 's the right thing to do , how can it be against the rules ? There are things that I 've learned that you do n't know , that you ca n't know , not because it 's your fault ...
Instead , he is ... A rebel who must be stopped by you . When you find him , take him .
Injected . - ... obey the curfew , ... never lie . THE GIVER
I wanted my childhood again . Scrape knees in ball games . - Jonas ?
Sit back . - Is Jonas now more powerful than you ? What did the chief elder mean when she said we can not afford another failure ?
Helping us to narrow down the possibilities . I will contact you if he comes here . Only if it 's not an imposition .
S752 . Four , you may not discuss your trainning with anyone . Ever .
The young and the old are killed . You 're friend , Fiona , she will soon be trained to release as well . That 's a lie .
Talk . - They 're going to kill Gabe . I 'm leaving .
Could we start . with a less complicated question ? What 's wrong ?
Are n't you ? - So you 're a book editor . - Yes , I am .
Every year , they tear another one down not that I blame them . They were n't that great to begin with . But that 's how I got confused .
Hold , please . I ca n't believe that you have had sex with the woman staying in my house ! He told you that ?
I did , did n't I ? Did I beg at one point ? From the moment I met you , it 's been an adventure .
I thought that if I was somewhere else I would n't realize I was alone . Then I got here and never felt more alone in my life . Big surprise .
I think if the obvious response does n't immediately come to you , we can just ... We should just talk about something else . Like , possibly , what a complete ass I am .
You know where I live ? I believe I do , yes . Good .
Even when you do n't have it , the not having it makes things complicated . Which is why it 's usually better to have it . Some say .
No . My neighbor knew I did n't know anyone here . So he wanted to introduce me to some of his friends .
Oh , my God . You 're , you 're not alone , are you ? No , I 'm not , actually .
But then , of course , love can also be found . Even if just for the night . And then there 's another kind of love .
And sometimes you can even convince yourself that he 'll see the light and show up at your door . And after all that however long '' all that '' may be you 'll go somewhere new . And you 'll meet people who make you feel worthwhile again .
All right , I asked you to put it down . Why you got to go and get the bag ? - I ai n't do nothing , man .
# In the hood with your money , I extended my line of credit ... # # The medic Dr. Rhymes will put you # # On a diuretic , shrinking up a nigga 's pockets #
Fuck . See , I need you to think about it . Think about it real good and hard , man , before you fuck with my money .
I 'm no one 's teacher . I 'm not a role model . God knows you 're not , Eddie , but your name came up in the computer , pal .
He just hit her , man . Hey , this is 64th Precinct . We are what ?
Megan , what do we think ? I think you put me in jail . We 're still on that ?
Anybody can get into it . You know , it 's for anybody who cherishes friendship , adventure . There 's this one character , her name is applejack , she 's my favorite .
No , I 'm thinking of all kinds of stuff right now . I 'm thinking of memories and feelings and ... But I just need to know if -- did you do that ?
Okay , um ... What else do you do that I do n't like ? Okay , yeah , you do this thing where you stand up from the bed and you kind of turn halfway around and then you get undressed as fast as you can all at once and it 's like you 're getting ready
You read this , and then you wanted me to come home and find this slutty little lipstick haiku so that you could be the one that ended us . It 's not a haiku , there 's not enough syllables . You are a child .
because it would have been too soon . So the only thing that there is to do is train them to recognize different levels of moans without them realizing you 're doing it . In my experience .
Cedric 's friend is having this birthday thing at this bar . So then you 're not cooking dinner ? No ... yeah .
Shit ! How did you lose your ID again ? You do n't go anywhere .
What is that ? It sounds like the first draft of a name ! Okay , fuck you , Megan .
Come to Terry 's country bake shop in red hook . Home of '' family circle 's '' magazine ... ( Man on TV ) With it 's stunning natural beauty , Fiji is the ideal holiday tropical paradise for couples .
Okay . There 's a bathroom there with lots of marble , so ... Okay .
He 's very jealous . I ca n't think why , girl 's out having drinks in town . God .
Everyone knows I 'm a bitch , Luke . You ca n't tell me I 'm not paying for it . What do you want ?
Opening across the chest . Shoulder blades drawing down to the spine . Arms relaxed .
For fuck 's sake . And panic inevitably leads to mistakes . [ alarm blares ]
Do n't kill him ! - Ca n't just let him live , can I ? - Please !
Either way , it 's 50-50 . Time to pick a side . Five seconds ...
♪ For I toss and turn I ca n't sleep at night ♪ ♪ Once I ran to you Now I 'll run from you ♪ ♪ This tainted love you 've given I give you all a girl could give you ♪
So , encountering only token resistance , I reconnoitred the ground as far as the actual place . - Shit !
No , I do n't . I was looking after them , right . The lead singer , he was like a manic depressive .
Yeah , well , yeah , listen , you 're the one who said we were taking a break , so , you know , what do you expect ? Does that mean you 've been with other girls because we 're on a break ? I wish you were here .
I would literally be a man in the box . I know , it would have been great , but I 'd be safe in the knowledge that I could do that , and he wo n't come back with his man in a box , which would have been brilliant , but he ca n't , 'cause he 's brown bread .
Five minutes . - I do n't want to go ! - Pack it in , the both of you !
We were wondering if you fancied a poker night one night ? Is this what I 'm paying you for ? Hmm ?
No . - No , just feels right to us . Well , that 's the important thing .
Blood ? Do you want to see Leonard 's blood ? These fucking animals filmed the whole thing on their fucking phones .
Or Seville , what you say here . What is famous for our bullfighting , our beautiful oranges- what your English peoples turn into disgusting marmalade . Are you going to keep those sunglasses on , then ?
He 's probably wearing the crampons now . He 's up the side of the wardrobe . What do you think ?
Hey , come in , ladies , as quick as you can . Do want to put your bags , and there 's a couple of places . - Sorry we 're late .
Got it here . I ca n't believe you 've been ringing these numbers . Bono 's management well pissed off !
Why are you in a different room to Jason ? - Because he 's not nice to me . - He 's not nice .
He was losing too much blood . There 's nothing I could have done . Yeah .
I need you to be better then the things you have seen . What 's that supposed to mean ? It means , I would like us to be happy .
You 're too easily distracted . You 're distracted by squirrels , by dogs , by children in the park , by old ladies in surgical stockings , by half-naked men in their gardens . - Oh , well , he was quite fit , was n't he ?
I do n't give a fuck what he wo n't give me . He owes me for a fucking year and he 'll pay me for that year . You were never an idiot , Harvey , so I 'm gon na assume there 's some logic here .
Oh , they ... okay . What , they dub the films ? Here we go .
Ne sois pas timide . Dites à cher monsieur le directeur ce que nous faisons . - Je suis un homme qui ...
So , what do you want ? I want what he 's got . I want a gun .
OK , everybody , sitting up nicely ... That 's right , pull yourselves up . Now , let 's stir the bowl .
It 's a bit like that . - It is a bit like that . - The first night 's the worst .
Oh , grow up , Toby . You just ca n't handle it . No , you 're right , I ca n't .
Me , too . You have n't seen her , have you ? She 's got the most beautiful blue eyes , blonde hair .
Hey , Mr. Gimp . Still got one bullet left , soldier boy . Use it .
There 's another train quite soon . Let 's go in here , we can sit . Oh , thank you .
Was it ? I think I should give up smoking . That 's a good idea .
But mainly it 's because I need you to restore my faith in humanity . You have a choice , DI West . You could pretend you never heard this tape and let a man you know deserves it go down and let us walk away .
I get it . His father is not a very nice person . We probably got married too young !
Fine , Mummy . Sorry , the meeting went on longer than expected , I could n't get away . He 's all yours now .
I got the whole back catalog remastered on Blu-ray . I got the whole back catalog remastered on Blu-ray . No way .
Hotter than I was expecting . More heat in the chili sauce . There was a lot of heat in my scallops .
I know it 's just ... his father was not a nice guy . We got married too young ... he 's in jail how can he be here ... Been in there since Lucas was small , so ...
Keep the bonds separate . Raphael , you know I like you . - We split it equally .
He was late , he refused to pay his money . He slammed the door and swore at me . - You shout at him , did you ?
Yeah , otherwise you 'd kill them . So where did you go tonight ? The eternal question .
When I said other people have bright ideas , I meant her . - Why did n't you tell me ? - She wanted to keep you out ofjail .
The dream is happening right now . You 're living the dream , Steve . It 's all a dream .
I just want what 's best for everyone . We bury Lisa at sea . We call it in , when the coastguard comes , we tell them she had too much to drink and fell overboard .
Shallow as fluck , seriously . They should be thanking you , Luke . If you had n't have helped out , things might have got a bit more ... messy .
Half the time with him , we do n't know what we 're doing . We 're poor little sheep that have lost our way . - Where are we ?
`` Bare ruin 'd choirs , where late the sweet birds sang . '' Remember , boys , festoon your answers with gobbets and you wo n't go very far wrong . ( Irwin ) Actually , singing was the least of it .
Hey , I 'm the manager . You want me to sign the other one ? GIRL :
Not since Len . You could always get one of those chess computer game things . You did n't come here to talk about chess .
It was five years ago . It was a photo shoot for Time Out . Right , and did we do something afterwards ?
Luke ... with me . Did you send the postcard , Luke ? No way , man .
You want the keeper 's cabin . You 'll have to follow the track through the woods about half a mile . Right , uh , thanks .
They 're clever , but they 're crass . And were it Bristol or York , I 'd have no worries . But Oxford and Cambridge ?
Excuse me . He wants his drink back . Oh , shit , man !
Now do n't believe all the hairy chest stuff . It 's simple , greens are good for your football . these ...
This car is how I earn my living . - I do n't know how you earn your living . - Yeah .
See it as an inoculation , rather . Briefly painful , but providing immunity for however long it takes . Given the occasional booster , another face , another reminder of the pain , it can last you ... half a lifetime .
Watch the TV upstairs . - You ordered me to come in there . - The TV upstairs is haunted !
'And strange as it might seem , 'one might consider bringing a dog or a cat'as animals seem to react to supernatural activity . 'Animals also provide much-needed company . ' 'Price 's methods were thorough and no nonsense .
It was wrong . I 'm so sorry I did it . But it 's done ...
I played Dustin Hoffman . Oh , yes , when he got his Oscar . I had to do a speech as Dustin Hoffman .
Drinking fine champagne , watching the sunset over the Med ? - Ca n't do that in no club . - Marcus ...
I was thinking , yeah , if we do go to Spain ... Do you reckon we could go to the new Cup ? I 've heard about it .
Yeah , right . - Well , happens to us all . - Does it ?
You ca n't put a price on looking good , chucklebum . How much is looking stupid ? Nice ' do , Stevie .
Do n't talk . For the rivers to find a way through . Stop talking .
like a underground tomb . Like the catacombs , or something ? The catacombs of Bensonville ?
It was great . The good news is , I 've found the M1 . Ah .
Remember that PlayStation you sold me , do you ? He 's imaginative , I 'll give him that . Shall we give him an hand ?
No , I have n't had the chance to shift the bonds yet . Kramer and Sebastian , they know about the container yard and the bonds . What ?
Let see if I do . If your plan goes wrong , you go back to prison . Worse if it is n't the police that catch you .
Viral ? Do n't worry , there 's no catching . Half a million people have seen you online , smacking that twat .
Yeah . The long features on the surface are the rillenkaren . Fantastic .
And her . Something else you should know . I found these in Raph 's locker .
I ca n't ... No , you keep lying to me ! No , you ca n't leave me , Shell .
You can move back if you can pay us 50 quid a week . 'Tonight , haunted houses , ghost-hunting'and the search for life after death . 'The most famous ghost-hunters and their most famous cases ... '
Are you having a reunion without me ? Did I miss your email ? Or is it ' cause I 'm a copper ?
All right . Well , I 'm going that way . I 'll be about a couple of hours , right ?
He 's a good natured boy . But this is not the first fight he 's been in . Sorry , what is it you are trying to say about my son ?
Nothing . People usually do n't move around the country for no reason . I do not know ...
It 's not really my colour . It 'll look great on you . You 'll look gorgeous .
♪ And she 's sitting In the primrose garden ♪ ♪ And she 's playing with her toys ♪ ♪ Just another child-like ghost ♪
There 'll be a full briefing . I expect you and DS Hicock to attend . The death of your pensioner will have to go on the back burner for a while .
I would never say anything . In case you wanted to draw a parallel there . So this was Coleridge 's study .
As I live and breathe . Oh , Mr Burns , nice to meet you . You OK ?
Where 's Kirby ? - You mean , is he still not in prison ? Come on .
I spoke to your mum . She told me what happened the other night . I was just with some friends .
Thank you . But this is not the kind of conduct we condone here at Arkequin Park We do n't expect the students to exhibit such wild behavior .
Now , I feel I short-changed you earlier . You sat and listened patiently to a detailed account of the last few weeks and I built it up , but , well , I did n't deliver . I did n't lie .
Let me finish . Right , so Michael Caine 's voice now , in the Batman movies and in Harry Brown ... I ca n't go fast , because Michael Caine ... talks ... very ... very ... slowly .
What ? I want you to tell me what you 're doing sat in front of me , bleeding and under arrest . Where shall I start ?
Thank you . I use my tweezers for this . There we are , gentlemen .
You know who snores really bad ? You know who snores really bad ? Who ?
Mavis , oh ! 'Did a ghost leave these chilling messages asking for prayers ... ' 'What do you think of their chances ?
Ferry to Ireland . I think this is a bit bigger . You gon na give us a tour , then ?
It can go to answering machine . - Stop running away and just answer it . - Quick .
Hey , man . Can you keep it down to a whisper ? ADAM :
Come on , you 're gorgeous . I 'm a bit of a mess . I swear , you 're gon na love this place .
I want to find out why the hell 's there 's a hole in my basement . That weird guy you said that lived here before ? Creepy Freddy ?
How peculiar . Does he like them , do you think ? Probably not .
You got to trust me . And listen , you 're headlining here next Thursday . I 'll get some beers in .
Yeah . We 've got some '' body '' waiting in the car . It 's in the bag .
Harvey , not gon na say hello ? I 'm not going anywhere , so you may as well look at me . Still handsome .
Come here . You 're very fortunate , you know . I never met my grandparents .
Right ... It looks like a ... very large man dragging a boy ... Lucas !
I do n't know ? For Lucas it 's the clowns , And with you is what happened to Annie and the cop .
It 's a job . I 'm not asking you to go on holiday with me or anything weird . It 's for The Observer Magazine .
When did you first realize you were a banker ? So , Lake , how do you know each other ? We met at rehab .
We wo n't end to fill the third line of the law . We should be the one to administer it . Good afternoon .
I really thought it was just an excuse at the time , that you were going to prison and you thought it 'd be easier if you did n't have someone waiting for you , but it were n't . - You actually believed the things you said . - No .
Look , a really shit thing has happened and everything 's fucked . Now , it 's in everyone 's best interests that we do the right thing . The right thing ?
You ca n't ask me that , Len . I 'm sorry , I should n't have said anything . It 's all right .
Where is Mr Brown ? He 's in the hospital , sir . He 's having trouble breathing .
# Both under influence , we had divine scent # To know what to say , mind is a razorblade # One night of magic rush , the start a simple touch
It 's always about you . It all comes back to you . Whenever you ca n't cope or things get a bit too hard , you just give up .
Ho , ho , ho ! Everybody on this side of the room right now ! - You 're robbing the wrong people .
I do n't blame you sweetheart . - I myself am a diagnosed sex addict . - Yeah , well , try cold turkey !
Well , I 'm sorry . Anyway , I 'm rapidly going off the idea ... with you , anyway .
I mean , we were n't much better , were we ? Ah well , you were n't criminals ... I just told you how to defend yourselfs , that 's all .
What do you mean it 's not looking good ? I got to have her on the front page right now ! Every day I 'm there !
I know them better than you do , you muggy cunt . .. may be given in evidence . You get your fucking hands off him !
And ... Dane clean that up , please . Good God ...
But the little girl ... she was ... she was in this house ? She said she did not want to die . - You know what , dude ... ?
I gave it up . - Why do n't you start again ? Do me a favour .
The pain ! Hector would say it 's the only education worth having . I just wish there were marks for it .
OK. - I 've been offered a job . - That 's great .
I 'm saying that it can be hard to have a big success . Bob Balaban said , '' Never be hot . Always be warm . ''
Oh , where are you off to with a grump on ? Go on , get yourself off to school . Tell Mr Kelly you had to go to the dentist .
MARK : I 'm falling out of the bed . MORELLO :
Zulema , who used to be Samantha , has got 12 . And Keith , thank goodness , has got four . What percentage of the bag does each one have ?
A little , maybe . I am not sleeping in a tent . It 's a yurt .
No . I 'd say you got yourself a bargain there . - You 've got one as well .
A hand on a boy 's genitals at 50mph and you call it nothing ? The transmission of knowledge is in itself an erotic act . - In the Renaissance ...
No riposte from you , 'cause you 're dead . I do n't think you should say that . You really should n't ...
And you should n't have got us to come here under false pretenses . That 's just out of order . This was in his pocket .
Did that hurt ? I know that you 're not that big . You just looked like it cause I was little .
of what life is . All right , talk about some of the characters . Some of the characters .
You do n't tell me what to do , yeah ? I ca n't sleep , I had a bad dream . Look , just go to next door for me , yeah ?
I 'll take control of you , you fucking slag . It seems to me you 're losing control , you 're losing it . Is that what happened with Mr Attwell , Noel ?
No , I did n't , I ... I 'm looking for some background information on Mr Attwell . We recovered the murder weapon at the scene .
They 'll be gone in the next day or two . I 've come all this way , and I 've come to support you ! And I believe in you !
# Waiting for something # It 's not hard to live a lie # Disregard and deny
Are you deaf ? - Get out of the flat . Get out .
♪ I fell in love ♪ ♪ With a starling ♪ ♪ He died in my mother 's arms ♪
♪ Kissing with a girl He 'd never met before ♪ ♪ The food was sparse But the drink was plenty ♪ ♪ Jack was 16 And Jill had just turned 20 ♪
No , I ... I do n't watch it neither . - No .
Yes , of course . - Make it out to Paul . Okay .
But wait , I have plenty of self-confidence . I 'm just sad about the breakdown .
`` ' to what any young person says on the subject of marriage. `` ' If they profess a disinclination for it , I only set it down that they have not yet `` ' seen the right person . '
( Sniffs ) You shoot Noel for what he did to Leonard and then Sid shoots you ? Sid ?
I will if you tell me what it 's called . Well , I know it 's red . What 's a divorce like ?
♪ Come from greed Never born of the seed ♪ Took life from a barren hand ... - Who is it ?
He comes highly recommended . - So did Anne of Cleves . - Who ?
Shame drove him to do what he did . And pride demands payment for that slight . His pride , my pride .
Bowl . Can I have ice in my whisky ? Well , it 's what they do in London .
( Choking ) Go on , fucking look at me . I 'll be the last fucking thing you see when you die .
Yeah . I do n't like the Danish . No , it 's like that , is n't it ?
What was I supposed to do ? - I knew you 'd mess it up . - What ?
Rudge ! You have n't heard from Oxford ? Perhaps you 'll hear tomorrow .
Something else you should know . I found these in Raph 's locker . So ?
Or did your powers just fuck off , when you took your badge ? It 's usually one of the two . Yeah , do you wan na hit me ?
You just undermine me , Steve . All the time , you never do anything other than complain ! ( Mum ) ' It 's exhausting !
That 's not hard , though , is it , eh , titch ? - No , I do n't mean taller , I mean wider . You want to be careful , you know ?
That 's sometimes all you can . Take it , feel it , and pass it on . Pass it on , boys- that 's the game I want you to learn .
He said somebody 's in the house . Did your brother said who it was ? I 'm looking for this person .
I 'll deal with them . Look you lot leaving , now back off . I 'll go alone ...
So what 's the verdict ? Tills on all the bars have been broken into and emptied of a decent amount of cash , but nothing else was taken , not even a bottle of Grouse from the shelves . What about the offices ?
' I read it in The Daily Express . ' 90 % of small businesses go down the tubes , apparently , in the first year . I should stop you reading that paper . Bloke in Scarborough hung himself in his sporting goods shop .
For all of us . He gave us a place to call home . He thaught me everthing I know .
Join hands and make contact with the living , son ! You 've got to keep it hidden , see ? Keep it in the knuckles .
Yeah , I 'm a bit worried about something . Why would I risk all this ? I 'll see you then .
If rather late in the day . Mr Hector is likely , at some point , to try and put his hand on your knee . This is because Mr Hector is a homosexual and a sad fuck .
First of all . I always forget to wash my hands , actually . I do n't need that much .
As a milkman ? After the holidays you 'll be coming back to try for Oxford and Cambridge . Your A-level results are the best we 've ever had , and they demand that you return for an extra term to work for the examination to our ancient universities .
I could n't ... - So a year in prison were n't enough ? And you think it 's worth going back , for what ?
What , you think I 'm gon na tell on you ? Luke , Luke , look at me , look at me . I do n't care how many people you 've killed , okay ?
But you see ... # The winner takes it all # It 's a bit presumptuous that he 's saying that she has no self-confidence .
Have you got a pension ? - We 've both got pensions , have n't we ? - Oh , yeah .
Closer , closer . Come on , come on , come on , closer . What are you doing ?
Sure . I just need to think about things . Yeah .
Here Oh , oh , oh , oh , oh My head leaves me small
Yes , I think it 's a good thing . You do n't sound very enthused . I am .
We have to lie to them about everything . There 's so many bad things , bad people , and sometimes I wonder why we try so hard when we 're so clearly outnumbered . Oh , you know , I 'm ...
[ CRYING ] Oh , are you kidding me ? It 's beautiful .
Right , that 's today . I see you 've been getting into a little light reading . That 's not mine .
I got it ! ... dragging their feet in this investigation . On Oapitol Hill today ...
Already planning on it . Look , I know it 's a little , um ... Perverted .
The big thing is that we 're all moving on . Could you two just not talk anymore ? Oh , good , you got it .
`` survived by his wife of nine years , Judy , `` and their two-year-old daughter , Ohristine. `` Judy and Samuel met during their freshman year at Michigan State University . ''
Tattoo on the lower back . Might as well be a bull's-eye . You know how they say we only use 10 percent of our brains ?
I dig it . Jeremy tried to seduce me ! You did ?
Sorry . Well , It 's just that I found it in the street running around the other day . It did n't have a collar or anything .
Yeah , this is better . - Come on , use some muscle . - There we go .
And now a reading from Paul 's First Letter to the Corinthians. `` Love is patient , love is kind . '' As you all know , Craig and Christina are quite the sailing enthusiasts .
Great . - Do n't forget to stretch , guys . We 're gon na be on the field in 10 .
You want to get a whole combination . Get the frostings in the middle and the end . [ HUMMING ]
Yeah , but it 's not necessarily illegal . The guys are looking into some of the photos , and the girls are young , but it does n't mean they 're breaking any laws . But he 's definitely got a thing for young girls .
I think I met you , um , our senior year after that game against Drake . You have to remember that one . It was a real barnburner .
This really happened to my wife . M-My wife really did this . Um , and so right after Maggie says this , she gets that hilarious look on her face , you know , and she immediately turns to her son and goes , '' And here 's my little monkey . '' You know ?
Hi . You have something I want . I also , I really want to apologize , Otto .
¶ A circle is round and has no end ¶ ¶ That 's how long I want to be your friend ¶ ¶ Make new friends but keep the old ¶ ¶
Call for your mama . I stayed off you out of respect for her . If not for your mama , I 'd have broke your little ass down long ago .
She 's so suspicious . She always think I 'm fucking someone . I go to the bathroom , '' You got a bitch in there ? ''
No , ' Nita . He need to hear this . I keep quiet out of love and respect for your mama ...
How many kids do you have ? Uh , I just have one . Ede .
You know what that means ? You can wear it to work , go straight to happy hour . Them pants got happy hour written all over them .
Mama , why did this happen to daddy ? Why do these things always happen to daddy ? He does n't pay attention .
¶ But keep the old ¶ ¶ Make new friends but keep the old ¶ ¶ One is silver and the other 's gold ¶
Watch out ! So anyway , Lilly has a big house , so last Saturday I went over and she has a garden with these cool , old stonewalls and we played like it was a castle .
You wanted a man at the house . I guess you happy now . I did n't ask him to come , Jody .
Will you shut the fuck up . You know , you need to ... You got ta shut the fuck up .
Get off me ! There you go , coming downstairs showing off before the neighbors . - Fuck them !
What are you gon na do ? I said I 'm tired of waiting for your ass . I hate you .
Always flying away . Well , come on , you do n't have to go . ¶ But keep the old ¶
But now , you know , just ... Just to make someone else feel good , it 's -- it 's you know , it 's given m -- me my confidence back . You know , as a man .
Yeah , we did . I 'm glad you got a boyfriend . I 'm glad you 're happy .
That was his name . You , you know , you make a choice and you live your life , and that 's it . So deep .
[ dresser door squeaks open ] Come on , we 're gon na be late . - I ca n't find the right shoes .
I would like all of you to come in tomorrow morning having Prepared 2 paged dramatic monologues . Um , what is a monologue ?
It 's beautiful to watch , honey , but only a fool would actually go up in one . Well , then I guess I 'm a fool . If Davey 's going , I 'm going .
That 's great . She 'll never get out of bed if you keep bringing food to her . You know , you 're turning her into a zombie .
[ Davey cries and runs ] [ intense music plays ] [ kissing and beach sounds ] [ slams door open ] [ crying and music continues ] [ gunshots ] [ boy ] What the hell ?
[ chuckles ] Guess again . to be called up by Search and Rescue later , ok ? I got other things to do .
Does Uncle Walter make bombs ? Uncle Walter is involved in Research and Design for National Security . Really ?
I can handle it . You better , before it starts to affect my work . I do n't have time for this .
Wolf ? What kind of name is that ? Either a first or last name .
We do n't have , in fact we never had a married life together . So all these adorable little reminds and ... Perfect may I add reminds .
Yeah ? I need to use this road . Ca n't .
I did n't say that . Okay , why do n't you just tell me about him . Instead of playing twenty questions .
But these are mean and various times . And who am I , to stand in the way of what people want . [ Crowd Murmur ]
Well , as long as it takes . How am I supposed to go to school here , if I do n't know how long I to stay ? What does that have to do with it ?
My throat- [ Clears Throat ] gets a little scratchy . You know , actually , Mr. Barnes I think we have heard enough . Thank you very much for coming in .
Before he was many days old , he was not only looking like a mouse , but acting like one too . He was wearing a gray hat and carrying a small case ... [ knock on door , squeaks open ] Just me ! Your mom loved cocoa with marshmallows when she was a little girl .
Make a fortune . The forest is the heart of the town . As long as there 's a pulse in my chest that will never happen .
[ Wolf ] Excellent . [ Wolf ] You got ta believe you can do it . Do n't be afraid .
That 's not what you see . Snow is falling down slowly . Tiny perfect little town with tiny perfect little people .
If you did you could prove to me that you 're real . Except if I 'm a figment of your imagination , would n't I know everything you know ? So me telling you would n't prove anything .
We want you to have a wonderful time . It 's not like we 're on vacation , Aunt Bitsy . I know that , Davey .
The baby looked very much like a mouse in every way . He was only about two inches high and he had a mouse 's sharp nose ... I ca n't believe you design weapons .
You scheduled a star-gazing experience . So Mrs. Chiapetolis , would you like to come join me ? - Oh .
LAUREN : Hey , honey , how 's the math homework coming ? Are any of the tutor 's shortcuts helping ?
Get rid of his kids ? I 'm gon na meet his children . Heh .
Get some rest . I did n't mean to do that to you . ( CROWD CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY )
They were in my shower this morning . I had a very nice time with them too . ( BOTH CHUCKLING THEN MONKEY GIBBERING )
You 're interested in being a good father ? Tyler has a game on Saturday . Be there .
Blending , friending , blending , friending Movie ending ( YELLS IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE THEN LAUGHS ) ( NICKENS SCREAMING )
Absolutely . 99 percent . One percent of the time , I think we are allowed to get what we want . Aah .
I have a personal errand to run , and I need to borrow the car . Well , you ca n't drive without me yet and somebody 's got to stay here with your sisters . Dad , I have a personal errand .
Kind of threw me off for a minute . Well , she 's 15 , you know ? She 's bound to grow up at some point .
If you decide to answer questions now without a lawyer present , Thanks for this . you have the right to stop questioning at any time until you talk to a lawyer . Do you understand what I ...
Why wo n't you talk to your dad ? Do n't get all parental on me , Jesse , okay ? I 'm afraid he wo n't want to talk to me .
Well , Rose , as you know , we 're understaffed here . We lost a very good man when Detective DeAngelo left . I 'm sorry .
At the station . What 'd you need to talk about ? Did Cindy commit suicide ?
Have dinner with me . You want me to have dinner with you tonight ? I do .
Rutherford College . I 'm sure Dr. Parkinson shared with you the fact that I saw him two days ago on police business . - He did .
Oh , I believe it will . So , why did n't you call me with this ? Why 'd you come in ?
You saved my life . They said they 'd make a formal announcement later on today . Then I can get out of here .
I assured him that you were working for State Homicide . Did you also get a call from the Paradise Police Chief ? I 'm not going to tell you that .
We do n't have clients . We treat patients , Officer , uh ... Jesse .
That is n't what I was going to say , sir . You do n't have to call me sir , Rose . What should I call you ?
Okay . Oh , and there was one additional item . Moscow Nights .
Like , step , step . Yeah , because what I 'm trying to do is here , and then I have to ... I think that 's cool .
So it 'll move around . We can always try it , and if it does n't ... I do n't have anything against it .
You 're at the same level as Alexei , Alexei Ratmansky and Chris Wheeldon . Yeah , that 's quite a statement , so ...
Mm-hmm . Can we make a note to tell Mark ? I , like , ca n't even see Amar .
Yeah , and I think because there 's already so much structurally with the choreography , I think it 's okay for that to kind of , like , stand on its own in certain cases . It 's hard for me to picture in my head , because sometimes I 'll , like ,
All right . Bridge , stand by to pick up the couple with cue ten , half minus , and stand by , Penny , to switch the light walkers , please . All right , so applause , applause , applause .
Thirty minutes till the first ballet of the evening : Justin Peck 's Paz de la Jolla . Thirty minutes .
No , I almost said something yesterday to them , but I did n't want to , like , overstep my boundaries either . I think if you went and if you could ... Are you gon na ...
Good . - I was a little late . Just make sure this saute ' , after we do this turn , the fourth ...
Eric , we can do the ground row . Did you give spots their colors ? I told Penny this morning 51/ 55 for the bridge , but I did n't say anything for the front , but ...
Two , two , three , four , five , six . Three , two , three , four , five , six . Four , two , three , four , five , six .
One , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . Fifteen minutes till the third ballet of the evening : Jerome Robbins ' Glass Pieces .
It 's how far do we push those moments of narrative into a story with the light ? - I see what you mean . - And that 's one of the things ...
That 's better . So if you take the waistband off and remove some length here , would that , like , put a deeper curve ? It would .
All these years we 've dueled . You will never defeat me , Marconi . Wait , Dr. Albert Marconi ?
Okay . - Buy a bratwurst from him . One .
Oh , it 's wearing off . Okay , do n't talk , just listen . Go inside ...
This is bullshit . This is my fault , Arnie . Not just you getting killed and all , but ... but this ... this half-life ya got .
a restraining order ... - My boyfriend ... has been dead for two months . I did n't know where else to go .
How long has he been like this ? Does he ever say anything ? He mumbles .
With a tiny change in your brain chemistry , - I could make you a child molester . - What do you want ?
Oh no , that it 's right here with us . We just ca n't perceive it . It 's kinda like the country music radio station .
Someday you will face that moment . And at that moment you will face either complete nonexistence or you will face something even stranger . On an actual day in the future , Arnie , you will be in the unimaginable .
Can you sit ? Sweetie , my relationship record indicates a guy who 's bad news . You see , I have a history , a pattern , so to speak of coming on very fast and hard in the beginning of a relationship , of saying '' I love you '' very early on .
I want to hear it . Sara , listen , you and I both know that the review board , they can be killers if they find someone 's work to be frivolous or impulsive , and everyone 's gon na want to know why . Because I do n't think the truth about men can be found in a book .
It 's like she 's expecting something . You know , that if she was n't lying there , expecting it , wondering , like , evaluating , it would n't even occur to me . You know , and then I get kind of pissed off .
Yeah . I love how you can never understand them and the way that you just ca n't keep them from shopping , no matter what you do . Okay , ladies and gentlemen .
Can I talk to you a sec ? I 'm not saying nothing bad has ever happened to you . You 're not bad-looking .
My position is that actually most of the time you can figure out what they want , I mean , logically deduce it , if you 're willing to make the effort to understand them and to understand the impossible situation they 're in . Schizophrenic media discourse , exemplified by , like , for example , Cosmo .
Shut it for one fucking second , will you , please ? Because , it 's mostly emptied out by the time I get out there . Except for over by ... there 's this one girl left .
You think it 's just words , blah , blah . But then you see this girl with this hand knocking herself in the head for being such a fool , crying so hard she ca n't mostly breathe and all that business like that . And how men are shits , and do n't even trust ' em .
All right ? And look , as long as you 're out , you might as well have a good time . Pretty nice , huh ?
No ! It 's a story , a story . It turns out when I , you know , go over to say , '' Are you okay ?
Injected . He 's not usually like this . I 'm surprised you 're not more worried about him .
Do n't know . We 're not allowed to fly past that . So many secrets .
I will . You have to be quiet now , lily . Jonas .
They had joy and they had pain . I ca n't prepare you for what 's gon na ... You do n't need to warn me every single time .
One of true equality . Rules were the building blocks of that equality . We learned them as new children .
Well , music when I hit the right keys . Just like music , there 's something else you ca n't see with your eyes . Something who lives inside you .
But tomorrow after work , meet me at the triangle . I wanted to share it with her . Not all of it .
We 're leaving the community . I want you to come with us . Hey .
If you go , head towards the triangle , away from the other communities . That will lead to the boundary of memory . Please stand by for a transmission .
Here we go . - Then we 'd have a problem . Okay .
He looks so unhappy . It 's okay , Jonas , you can open it . Oh , yeah , it 's Jonas .
From disorder and chaos , from great suffering , great pain . From confusion and envy and hatred , came a solution : Communities .
This is a mythical creature called a hippo . And it 's incredibly fast because it has ... One , two , three , four , five legs .
Drone pilot . Thank you for your childhood . You can keep it !
Screaming at me to stop . But I knew Fiona will be punished for helping me . Asher , for letting me go .
Yeah . I could play spin the dreidel . Smells good .
I can get this one . I 'll see you later at the Writers Guild . I mean , if you can still make it .
Utter honesty . very refreshing . Well , you probably wo n't be hearing from me because even if you wanted to , and you clearly do n't I have the classic male problem of no follow-through . Absolutely never remember to call after a date .
Why are you blushing ? I did n't realize I was . I think you make me nervous .
Not when he 's with her , of course . Also when he 's not with her , we talk on the phone . Sometimes for hours .
I love perfume , but he wo n't let me wear it . Because you already smell so good . - So do you , by the way .
I was here before conglomerates owned the studios . Before pictures had special effects teams . And definitely before box office results were reported like baseball scores on the nightly news .
Amanda , I am so sorry . Can I call you back ? - Sure .
Right . - So , Amanda , I just really ... - Yeah .
Which looks exactly like the valley . Surrey . '' Christmas in the country . '' `` A fairy-tale English cottage set in a tranquil country garden .
Would you mind coming back tomorrow ? I just want to check this with Amanda 's assistant . Sure .
Yes . Except for I 'm sorry about the wine . I apologize for not having mentioned this earlier .
Well , I ... I just wanted to get away from the people I see all the time . Well , not all the people .
No , not in there . Well , I 'll go and check the gate . Yes .
I will burn you in your motherfucking eye . What did you say to the fucking police ? - You first , what happened ?
What are you doing ? Get the fuck off me . Get that shit in the bag .
So the asthma ? Well , your wife has significant traces of wood mold in her lungs . - Wood mold .
A little bit . Angie , you can not do that . You 've got ta tell me .
And now , the media shovelling shit on our badges over the shooting that took place there . We have to remind the public that one man from this unit can not stain the sum total of our efforts ; That we are not in the business of harming the public but of helping it .
He 's gon na fix everything , fucking kid . Like this is his only reason for getting up in the morning . Yes , right there .
do n't you fucking start with me . - Get your finger out of my face . - Do n't start with me !
I pray the Lord my soul to keep . If I should die before I wake , I pray the Lord my soul to take .
And then let off two shots within inches of this kid 's head ? I knew I should have stayed and I did n't . I just ...
Ahem . This student , he had $ 400 and an ounce of marijuana in his possession . Is it possible that Officer Quinlan was overzealous in apprehending a known drug suspect ?
Officer Quinlan should n't have been there . You 've been an officer long enough to know that Quinlan was the casualty of a bad shooting . A casualty needed to preserve the trust of the public .
I do n't know . Do you think I 'm ready ? Who cares ?
That 's ridiculous . I think my grandmother did , and I just do n't know how . Right , that makes sense .
No ! If there is one thing that you take away from this whole experience ... never . Sorry , I was trying to cool you off .
Your place or mine ? I do n't have a place anymore . Me neither .
Trust me . Oh , are you like a bad dancer ? Oh , no .
Here in menlo park ... Can I show you something ? Please just leave me alone .
I 'm sorry . But I did n't know your last name . What was I supposed to do ?
We 're kind of on a clock here . I mean , there 's a plan '' b , '' but it might sound kind of out there .
Are you kidding me ? This is the best idea I 've ever had ! That 's so sad !
See , people always look at you funny when you say something that'cause they feel bad for you , or they -- Megan , I 'm not -- I 'm sorry , I was n't trying to look at you funny . No , it 's fine .
When did you find this ? Um , when I was looking for your wallet . By accident .
I think it kinda messed me up . My parents are still married too . Yeah ?
We 're talking about tens of thousands of stranded holiday travelers . The entire city transit system is shut down . The streets have not even been ploughed .
I never felt like I needed a job to define my life . Do you like your job ? Since when are you supposed to like your job ?
They are dead . So what we 'll have at the base of the dish , we 've got a goat cheese mousse and a globe artichoke puree , and that is garnished with deep-fried globe artichoke leaves as well as baby Jerusalem artichoke . - Thank you very much .
Let me protect you . It 's not me who 'll need protecting . Wait .
We wo n't be pissed when driving this car , OK ? We 're not going to bunny-hop . We 'll focus and concentrate .
It must be the sound of running water . Shame you wasted your time , Harvey . No , it were a pleasure .
Enrahah . - Did you like school , Scott ? - I 'm afraid it did n't agree with me .
You think she 's too good for him ? Well , he made a move at the end of summer term . Did n't work out too well .
I do n't think of you in the same way as you suspected . But I 'm sure there 's someone out there who does . You just have to be brave and keep looking .
Horsey . Right , do you have an appointment ? Yeah , my name 's Dixie .
They will fucking deep-fly you out there . Now , why do n't we just have a couple of drinks , and go for quick look around , huh ? TYKO :
That 's what this whole scholarship thing is : an acting job . So , have the boys given you a nickname ? - Not that I 'm aware of .
You 're not doing it with the kind of ... And you do n't do the broken voice when he gets very emotional , when gets very emotional indeed . She was only 16 years old .
You make me sound like Benny Hill . But do n't you find all that exhausting at your age ? No .
It 's all right to be sad . There 's no point being scared . I 'm not scared .
Fucking morons ! Check your mirrors , your seat , make yourself comfortable . - No , I do n't think so .
We 're not telling anyone yet . - Go on , your secret 's safe with us . - No , it 's bad luck .
That 's not true . - Why are you trying to control everyone ? - I 'm not .
This car is a lethal weapon . Pay attention or you 'll kill somebody . Keep to the left of the centre of the road .
We could do it again . You and Kim , a little double act ? - Email it to your ex ?
Your fears are falling away , boy . What happens to you when they 're gone ? Let 's find out .
Are you ... Was that a request or was that a demand ? Did he bully me then ?
You could pretend you never heard this tape and let a man you know deserves it go down and let us walk away . Or you could alert the police at the port and have us brought in . I suppose I wo n't know till we get there .
OK , so we have the Scots Man over here , and he 's keen . And we have the Scots Lady over here , and she 's keen . And as a result , the Northern Monkey man whose name I can not remember ...
`` There 's some corner of foreign field , In that dust a richer dust concealed . '' It is , it is .
Somewhere . - Thank you both very much for your help . - Bye , Roger .
She was very fond of you . I do n't feel as sad as I thought I would . You 're very lovely , you know .
Right ... You do n't want to , do you ? No ...
Give her one from me , pal . - '' Give her one from me '' ? How profound .
I 'm sorry about having to move again . but I would really like this to workout . I would like you to help me make it work .
Kind of hoping she 's gon na be there . ♪ '' Ready to Die '' ♪ ♪ Cordelia Fellowes Justin Goulay ♪ ♪ Come on in and take a seat ♪
♪ '' Ready to Die '' ♪ ♪ Cordelia Fellowes Justin Goulay ♪ ♪ Come on in and take a seat ♪ ♪ And let me get you something to eat ♪
A police spokesman says Miss Dobbs was a victim of a random and senseless act of violence . The toddler will be placed in the care of a local authority . Traffic now , the M25 is closed eastbound at junction 19 due to an overturned heavy-goods vehicle .
Yes , you can . Alex James said he celebrated his 20th birthday with alcohol , his 30th with drugs , and his 40th with food . Is that how it is for you ?
They 'll talk about it for years to come . If you play here , they will come . I guarantee it .
Right , that 's it . You have to sit on the sofa . You 're gone .
What do you got ? I need a photo exclusive of Katie Price having a botox . Ai n't got it , Al .
I 've been absolutely silent all the way up here . I 'm telling you something useful about what 's made this ... Yeah , and I 'd rather you did n't explain .
I ... Used to be pretty normal . I do n't know ... gone a little nuts !
You want to know my brother ? Dane like it better in Brooklyn . I got ta go .
I have nothing . Does that make me a man without honour ? We 're getting your money back , Mr Zigic , you have our word .
Arms relaxed . And taking the head over to your right . Feeling that lovely stretch at the neck .
This is what you always wanted , what you set out to achieve . This is the game you play . You prodded me .
They were always the funny ones , were n't they ? Yeah , you were always the quiet one , were n't you ? Well , I was in my own little world , you know , sort of , you know , escape .
Now ? I thought history was '' then '' . Felix .
♪ Yeah , yeah Tainted love ♪ ♪ [ THE MAKE 'S '' BLACK CROW '' PLAYING ] ♪ Black crow morning ♪
Fucking yeah . No , you went up at the end like you watch Australian soaps . Yes , did you see I did on my face ?
You 're gon na be fine . Your lungs are filling up with blood but that 's why God gave you two . Tammi , open up !
Chris , I 've seen you in the shower . You wo n't be reaching Heaven . - Screw you , Eleanor .
Bye . I thought we 'd go up to Dunsop Bridge , up through the Trough of Bowland , through Abbeystead , get on the M6 at junction 33 , then off at junction 36 a bit further up , and that 'll take us almost all the way to Cartmel . Did you cement Anglo-Polish relations ?
You utter prick . - Oh , it was just a postcard ! How was I supposed to know he 'd bloody kill himself ?
OK , look , er ... take Stalin . He 's generally agreed to be a monster , and rightly so . Dissent .
Oh , right ! Too clever , mind , is n't it ? Modern technology .
Mainly I bank . So you 're a banker , eh ? Yeah .
I 'm so sorry . - Now that was n't so hard , was it ? Sorry .
Straight in . You 'd be outside by now . You 'd be legging it like a geezer .
Unfortunately . - You have to take responsibility , Poppy . - OK , take it easy .
One day it will save your life . Nothing saves anyone 's life , sir . Itjust postpones their death .
Never mind , big ears . Do n't say , '' That 's all , '' Steve . How could we let him get to that ?
He 's gon na be pissed off when he wakes up . This is going to bring my piles down . I need a coin .
He was one of those people who always thinks the grass is greener on the other side . Do you know that expression ? He was n't a happy man .
Cut to the chase . You have got co-lead in a drama series . It 's called ...
# Because we are your friends # You 'll never be alone again # Well , come on , well , come on
Hmm ? It 's just a little bit of downtime , Mr Zigic . One day this week ?
And everytime he says ' house ' ... You lot , will take a drink . Everytime he says ' street ' ...
Okay . I say Michael Caine used to talk like this in the 1960s , right ? But that has changed , and I say that over the years ...
You use two panes of very polished glass for Pepper 's Ghost . At an angle like that . Annie lies there ...
Ah , oh , no , let 's not . I 've been up since half past 5 : 00 with Chloe , and I 've not eaten a single thing . Really ?
They had done more than could have been asked of them . The next part were mine . Fancy meeting you here .
This way , sweetheart . - You 're going to pay for this . - We 're getting paid for this .
What are you doing ? We just wanted to know they worked . - They do .
~ Enjoy~ I 'm glad I got away from all this . I pitty you .
It 's incredible . Everybody wants to work with you . I get a call from P.T . Anderson .
You okay ? Let 's just get this over with . Which container is it ?
He 's a prick . Why did Mickey get involved ? The kid came in the pub ...
I was up there . I think you strained a little bit . I did strain .
Man , you 've got ta stand strong when it comes to these things . What , so you throw something small ... and suddenly he just drops his chainsaw and surrenders ? Stop talking shit , Paul .
What do you think ? Charlie does n't like your hole very much . Ca n't see the bottom .
You all right with the ... you all right with your bags ? - All right .
Why not ? Look , I trust him , so you trust him . - Once we 're inside , there will be some ...
One of the most delightful meals , one of the most delightful homecomings I 've ever enjoyed . Oh , well , it did stick to the bottom of the pan a bit ... - Did it ?
One of the best . Mick told me to mean it if he 's named Mush . He said :
Roper fucked you , there 's no denying it . But Nicola has n't run away . - She knows who you are .
Yeah ? In a manner of speaking . A British Don Quixote .
Roper 's an arsehole . He did this to get back at you . What did you ever do to him but get engaged to a bird who knocked him back ?
Bye . Come on , let 's get in . So have you made a decision about America ?
♪ Just another child-like ghost ♪ ♪ The trees and animals cry ♪ ♪ [ CHATTERING ]
Oh ... - You look nice in that tie , Reggie . - Thank you .
I dressed it up in legalese , but basically it 's all bullshit . Would n't stand up in court . The girl was off her face .
You 're Welsh , man . Do you know one thing about this place ? There 's no mountains .
Yeah . Oh , trust me , if you 're in deep , dark water , of course your life is going to depend on whether you can swim or not . I mean , how are you going to ...
[ LAUGHING ] ♪ All we seem to do these days Is wave our arms and yell ♪ ♪ Other people are hell ♪
You know those boats in the marina ? - We crew one of those . - You 're sailors ?
Okay , can you get phone reception around here ? No , I 'm sorry , but if you go along the lake , you can have some reception there . - Great .
When Chamberlain resigned as prime minister , Churchill was n't the first thought . Halifax more generally acceptable .
What ? - But you 're looking good , man . Sexy !
Quack , quack ! Can I have another brave volunteer , please ? You ?
Move your ass ! You two , get over there now ! Do n't even test me , man !
Better than all right , mate . - We 've only gone and done it . It 's soaking wet .
Did ... Did you see any kind of bright white light ? Or a tunnel with Jesus at the end ?
Like father , like son . I am nothing like you . Dane !
I knew I 'd find you hiding in the same closet . Just like back when you let your brother take the beating for you . That 's not true .
The fields are gay with people in their best array of stole and doublet , hood and scarf , along the banks of crystal Wharf . And thus in joyous mood they hie to Bolton 's mouldering Priory . Sir Ian McKellan .
Thing need to change . I 'm sure it 's just boisterous energie . He 's never violent at home .
I 've sold all me stuff . I 've put a lot of hours into this job and I want that coffee shop . I fucking deserve it .
Ca n't we get a bottle of wine and drink it here ? You 're welcome to come back to the yacht and have a drink with us . Yeah .
Thank you . Can you be aware you are attached to me , unfortunately ? Can you just be nice ?
Why ? - I 've not been a very good friend . - You have .
The security cameras were all covered up . They knew where everything was . Look , it 's an inside job .
Morning ! ( Mrs Lintott ) You are entitled , though only for five minutes , Dakin , to feel pleased with yourselves . No one has done as well .
Marcus , Bluey and Lisa were fooling around . One of them killed Lisa . Bluey argued with Marcus , and they killed each other .
Yeah . - Oh , do you want a glass of water ? - No .
No . Reminds me of the kind of place where , like , Wuthering Heights ... Oh , Wuthering Heights .
You 're going home soon ! I hope and pray , that you make the right decision ... And walk away from this fight .
Tomorrow we rise . We leave at 10 : 00-ish . But now to bed , unless you are one of those people , like me , who finds it very hard to get off after he 's eaten cheese , in which case , stay awhile by the fire , talk of battles past and old ,
( Giggling ) ( Carl ) Come on , tease me . ( Carl ) Feel my gun .
Yeah ... Just go talk to him . He said he was sorry .
Start again . It does n't start until September , does it ? Tanya !
He loved words . For each and every one of you , his pupils , he opened a deposit account in the bank of literature and made you all shareholders in that wonderful world of words . Will they come to my funeral , I wonder ?
I can ... you know , if you ever want to see the Bronte sisters ' house , it 's not so far . If you want to go visit , I 'll take you there . Have you noticed as you get older , older women seem more attractive to you ?
It does n't have a crossbar . '' You see she thought she was sitting on the crossbar all the way from Keighley . - But it was his stiffy .
Please . - No , I 'm fine , thank you . But we 've just moved all that in .
[ THE MAKE 'S '' YOU INSTEAD '' PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS ] ♪ She got loved up On the seashore ♪ ♪ Kissing with a girl He 'd never met before ♪
What am I rubbing in ? - I know what you 're saying . - What ?
And when it does , you 'll have the antidote ready . Grief , happiness , even when you 're dying . We 're making your deathbeds here , boys .
People like you ca n't understand that . Shame drove him to do what he did . And pride demands payment for that slight .
Hey , Dane ! Where do you want me to put your Jonah 's record CD 's ? Oooh ...
I do n't really want to talk about it , to be honest . You do n't want to talk about it . You want to talk about things you 've gone through ?
I tell you what , we 'll go together . I 've already been to the police . ( Door slamming )
Tell you what ... three bullets left . 50-50 chance of getting a live round . If he lives ...
That 's more important than any work , any award , anything like that . That actually puts everything in perspective . I dare say you 'd throw away all your awards if it ...
( Moans and breathes hard ) He screamed for a good ten minutes . You could n't send a medic in , the section was too hot .
Oh ... Oh , God , I 'm so sorry . Erm ...
So , what 's the matter , Mam ? I got somebody waiting , see . Really ?
Wave goodbye to Mummy . Now , watch before you cross the road , come on . Invincible ?
Then I lassoed her and I said , '' Baby , you 're coming to London with me . '' The most difficult thing , was telling my father . I 'd better go .
[ CROWD CHEERING ] ♪ I feel your light shining on me ♪ ♪ Whenever you 're around me I 'm feeling so alive ♪
MARK : Guys , I 've just had good news . TYKO :
Sorry for setting the fire bell off . Sorry I put a lot of talcum on your floor and that . Sorry for not saying sorry when you ran me over .
Oh , help me . I 'm the small man stuck in a box . Oh .
We 're different animals . We could n't play those parts . No , you 're not the same as him .
You alright ? No , I 'm not alright , Dix . We 're being chucked out the flat .
And , can I just say on a personal note , Martin , that type of wild speculation undermines the work of the police force and ultimately does a disservice to members of the public who support it . Now , as I made clear many months ago we operate and apply a zero-tolerance policy with reference to criminal activity involving firearms and the distribution of drugs . Most important , the findings suggest that crime on the estate has declined by almost 30 percent .
One out . ( WHISTLES : '' Pack Up Your Troubles '' ) Did you have any ?
Hey , tell her , firm , tell her to shut the fuck up , will you ? Tell us what really happened . No comment .
Well , we must hope so . ( # '' Never Stop ( Discotheque ) '' by Echo and the Bunnymen ) Dad .
Gaffer 's strong but it stretches . One of us might be able to work a hand free . So tell me about the party .
That 's bollocks . It 's not like that in Wales . - Is that McGee ?
( Officer ) Move out . ( Officer 2 ) I 'll get you . Come here !
Bye-bye . - All right , see you , Mum . How 's Mischa ?
I 'm not sure . We could go for a walk . Here you go .
Yeah , I 've missed you , too . - So how long 's this going to take ? - Oh , five minutes , tops .
( Distant horn toots ) And on Boxing Day , we went to the top of Skidby Windmill and I got badge . No , you got '' a '' badge .
What colours do you think your feathers could be ? See , you could do a rainbow colour . That 's a good idea , is n't it ?
Turns out it was an empty display shell stuffed with lead shot . Remember that PlayStation you sold me , do you ? He 's imaginative , I 'll give him that .
Some of us miss the boat completely . It 's hard work being a grown-up , is n't it ? Yeah , it is .
Purely on a temporary basis . - The last time , I promise . - Last time was the last time .
Thought Mum chucked it all in the skip before she left . We saw her do it , so me and Charlie got it all back and fetched it here . You never told me .
The fear of death ... Follows from the fear of life . The man who has lived fully ...
[ Demps ] The sooner the better . [ Dodd ] Just think , in 48 hours we 'll be away from here . - Good , is n't it ?
I 'm sorry , pigeon . That 's all I wanted to say . Just to tell you ... that I 'm sorry .
This senile old cunt killed Marky and Carl . I told you to put it down . Come on , Harry .
( groans ) Why do you think there are no woman historians on TV ? - No tits !
♪ That I 'm no fool , fool , fool , fool ♪ ♪ I 'm just upside down ♪ ♪ Ai n't got no cares ♪
I 'll have him . - Right , I 'll get the kettle on . - Cheers , pal .
I trust you with it . - What if someone finds out ? - Trust me , Luke .
This was a volcanic lake of molten volcano , and it was on a land mass called Avalonia that drifted from the South Pole all the way to where we are now over sort of hundreds of million years . We should n't probably go much further just because of the light . It 's ... is n't that beautiful , that ?
We 're being chucked out the flat ! Calm down a bit , love . I 'll go upstairs and have a word .
So ? He 's got some pictures of us ? How hard did she hit you ?
Maybe some bankers . The exterior of the casino will be heavily guarded . I 'm talking about trigger-happy lumps with machine guns .
When the meal 's over with , I will talk to you . I do n't want to get into what happened last night . Let 's get through today , let 's keep our eye on the prize , let 's focus and let 's close some ass .
Good . Just want to check the Dodger highlights . Two on and two outs .
I want my painting back . The painting was a gift , Todd . I 'm taking it with me .
Anyway , the man that lived in the house had a beautiful young daughter who nursed him back to health . And after a few days , he left to rejoin his unit , but not before telling her that he would be back for her . Eight months later , he returned ... and he 's been with my grandmother ever since .
And , uh , Ryan 's been very supportive , uh , but it 's a ... it 's a process . Um , it 's just we 're both very committed to it , which makes it easier ... normal . Hey , look who 's on TV .
Listen , man . The family dog live downstairs . I can wake him up for you if you like .
I 'm reading don't-kill-myself books . - You said it was n't yours . - Do n't worry about the book .
But I imagine it 's a lot like having a baby . A really big , heavy baby that you have to shave and you get to curse around . You did n't answer my question .
Let 's see how you do with somebody your own age . I think I 'm up to the challenge . All right , will you save me a dance for later ?
The Ohristie Dillon case . Wh-Why ca n't you guys just arrest him ? Uh , I believe he was ... he was brought in for questioning by the police .
Rule number 6 : Do not sit in the corner and sulk . It draws attention to you in a negative way .
Yeah , I talked to him about a week ago . Oh , you should talk to him more often . I spoke to him yesterday .
Come on . Come on , come on , it 's okay . Come on .
Oh . Lost so many good men out there . WOMAN :
Finding reasons to complain is just another form of laziness , and honestly I do n't have the time or the tolerance for it . You do know those lids come off , right ? Thank you , class .
Like , '' Everyone knows Jennifer likes to shop , ha , ha , ha . '' You 're better off going with something from the heart . I think that people are gon na like this .
Your argument for the inverse ratio of capitalization to debt was genius . Now , if we can just get Congress not to be so shortsighted . Yes .
Do n't quote the rules to me , I know them . When Chazz Reinhold passed the sacred rules of wedding crashing onto us 12 years ago , he gave us a legacy . You make it sound like a cult .
I guess I do n't really ... I just do n't really know that many girls ' names . What 's your name ?
We 're gon na take a little bike ride , and then we 'll come back and check up on you . And take care of him , okay ? I want you to get my little angel up and running .
Hold on a second . Let me talk to you . - About what ?
¶ That 's what we do with a drunken sailor ¶ ¶ That 's what we do with a drunken sailor ¶ ¶ That 's what we do with a drunken sailor ¶
Not a cop ? ... like a naked dead body Keep it real for the people working overtime
I wan na read my Bible . You should n't have done that . What 's that ?
It 's -- but it 's my last class . ... first saw you and I did n't ... I did n't even think that I could , you know
It 's so hard to get it on . Oh , no , it 's supposed to be a skirt . Yeah , like right there , that would look better .
You ca n't go . We did n't even get a chance to -- I know , I know .
Built you a little fort , huh ? - I do n't give a fuck about your fort . - I hate you .
Yes . I want God to be nice to him . Aah !
That 's what you all want . It was not like this when I was single . And after 11 years of Annie not ...
Last night ? I do n't like myself right now and I really wish that I had n't come . Oh .
Hey , Liz . And Lara said she 's coming from Raleigh . Oh , really ?
It was no big deal . We did n't know each other very well and , you know , maybe we should n't have ... No , I do that sometimes when I 'm overwhelmed .
I said I did n't fuck that girl . Stop putting your hands on me . Where you going ?
Listen to me , okay ? It 's been 5 years , and I still do n't have a clue why it all went wrong , really . I mean , you 're never going to really understand .
You do n't know ? You mean you do n't remember who you were with ? You been with that many girls ?
I thought I was gon na ... How many kids do you have ? Uh , I just have one .
Like you ? I should be like you , Melvin ? You could never be like me .
I love you too . I love you , Jody , but you scare me . You scare me .
I hate being around sick people . But , it 's going to look so good on my college application . So it 's worth it .
Did you ever think about that ? You apologize to your mother right now . Walter , she did n't mean it .
I have goals . Well I hope they include improving your grades . It 's what you learn that counts .
I just could n't leave you like this . Hey if it does n't work at least let me give you this . Before the business and the property lines , the infighting ruins it all forever .
[ man ] Look at this . [ toy making sounds on table ] My son brought it to me from California .
Knock yourself out . Figured I 'd escort you out of town . Just like that huh ?
Your aunt says it 's important to eat . [ Davey ] And what does she know ? She has n't seen me since I was five .
What-I ca n't believe you 're here . Oh oh , I ca n't believe ... Who 's that ?
Now , how long are we going to bake them ? Eight minutes , because of the high altitude . And what are we going to set our temperature at ?
See you later , Mr. W. Alright , stay off the beach . [ Adam sings ] ♪ Every time we say goodbye ♪
Sure . What do you want to ask ? When you 're gone will mommy come back ?
[ birds chirping ] [ slow guitar music ] [ grunting and heavy breathing ] Watch me first .
Ok let 's get you home . I 'll be right there ok ? With the tree .
I 'm so sorry . I 'm ready to talk now , okay ? I miss him .
Looser buys lunch . I do n't have any money . Check your back pocket .
said she ran off crying . Mia locked herself in the den and wo n't come out . Baby open up .
You think it 's a good idea to keep reading about it ? What else am I supposed to do ? [ thunder crashes ] [ rain pours ]
I did n't put any mistletoe up . Just shut up and kiss me . * Music-Toyland
Walter , watch the road . I 'd like to go up on one of those balloons . It 's beautiful to watch , honey , but only a fool would actually go up in one .
And you ... house call . You 're so cliché I 'm mad at my brain right now . So Doc how long will this episode gon na last for ?
Alright , see ya then . [ Jane ] Davey , this is so exciting ! Who is he ?
Guess what ? The camera is in the truck . So baby why do n't we head towards the truck where the camera is .
[ Jane ] Uhm ... I want to do uh , '' Anytime '' , right ? [ woman ] Yes , right .
Ok. Now that one right there . That one belongs to my mama .
Jane . Jane , raise you hand for me . - That would be Jane .
Besides , what am I supposed to do ? Change our whole lives just because I 'm in love with her ? Yes !
You should really change your e-mail password , little Miss 072099 . That is the last time I use your birthday as a password . I ca n't believe you read my e-mails .
( FIFTH HARMONY 'S '' MISS MOVIN ' ON '' PLAYING ON RADIO ) No , oh , oh I 'll never be that girl again No , oh , oh
Now , try this on . This dress can change a woman from the kind a man cheats on to the kind a man cheats with . ( CHUCKLES )
On a morning mist , Two lovers kiss Just a little bit farther . - All right .
Yes . Is it hard to find people who ca n't organize their own closets ? How does that work ?
One receptionist . Look , I made a mistake ! You made it at least four mistakes that I know of .
No . - Who has that kind of money ? - Dick .
The new Kodiak tents just arrived . In time for spring break . We 're going camping in our back yard again this year ?
Welcome , Dick Theodopolis ! And you are traveling with one little girl and two , uh ... - Big girls .
It was a lot easier when he was Lou 's age . Of course , let me help you out here . Here you are .
I love you . - I love you too , Dad . Good .
I ca n't get it off . Best thing about working at a sporting goods store : Swiss Army knives .
( sighing ) : She wo n't return my calls . Nice .
♪ To carry two ♪ ♪ And we shall row ♪ ♪ My love and I . ♪
Your trips to Boston have created concern in some circles . Hey , I 'm working for State Homicide . There people in Paradise -- powerful people -- that would like the Van Aldan death ... forgotten .
Your dog would n't let me cross the bridge . Apparently , he 's not a jogger . And you are ?
Pressure of possibility . The way your hips moved under your dress . What possibility ?
We 're not supposed to talk about Valery . You 're not supposed to talk about Valery who , Lewis ? Valery Siminov .
This kid went in for alcohol and came out with prescription drugs . Well , heroin 's the main course , but they might 've provided the appetizers . Places like Tranquility just substitute addictions .
No . I said she ca n't call me . Why ca n't she call you ?
You know what you want , but you ca n't tell me . I do n't want to presume . I see .
I know that , Hasty . Can I tell you something ? Do I have a choice ?
I had a fear of loss . Because the time before you told me you did . Why is this so hard ?
It clears my mind . Have you talked to your ex-wife ? No .
I 'm obsessed with Thelma , but I 'm in love with Cissy . Have you talked to her since she moved to Boston ?
Tell me what you 're hoping . I 'm hoping I can see you sometime . You mean you 're hoping that you can see me again .
Suicide 's not good for your image . Addiction is a complex problem . Do you feel any sense of responsibility as her doctor ?
And then do we open this up more ? - And maybe take a little bit . - I think that would be nice .
Okay . Before the boys ' dance starts . Ster , in that pirouette , it 's a pancake moment .
Andy , if you could cue ... Wait till the lights completely change ... - Andy Okay .
Same thing . One , two , three , four , five , six , seven . One , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight .
I told Penny this morning 51/ 55 for the bridge , but I did n't say anything for the front , but ... Good , because Thor is here outside . Okay .
Because this is all just falling forward . And we want it to sit , like ... - Like that .
Maybe you 're thinking about it being , like , a full turn and it really should be more like ... I think I was just trying ... If I just keep it going from there ...
Alexei Ratmansky and Chris Wheeldon . Yeah , that 's quite a statement , so ... No , it 's great .
I think it 's okay for that to kind of , like , stand on its own in certain cases . It 's hard for me to picture in my head , because sometimes I 'll , like , talk about sort of lighting aspects , and in my head , it 's much more extreme than I think .
Yeah , yeah . So ... because there 's just so many changes in dynamics and tempo and all of that , so we just want to be sure that we support what you 're doing and not , sort of , overburden it with too many other metaphors , I guess . Yeah , and I think because there 's already so much structurally with the choreography ,
Yeah ? - I 'm just gon na grab those hips . - The lifts and everything ?
I mean , whatever we want . I mean , there 's all sorts of ballets where they have to alter the shoe color , so it 's not an issue . Great .
Okay . Can we come out onstage ? Girl , you got nothing to worry about .
But as you depart , know that we of the HLA resistance will always and forever be in your debt , for both of you mark all that is good and promising . And the fact that all good ... Subtitle by~ pinkmei~
Okay . All right , give me a second . Okay , check between the sausage and the bun .
No . Look , I do n't know if we 've talked tonight but we do n't have much time . I think I called you and told you to come here .
Well , then just talk to me in person then . Oh wait , do I look like I 'm injured in any way ? - What ?
Let 's get to my car . Okay , so those white things that you saw take over Justin ... they 're looking for hosts , okay ? Now , uh , there was a drug that the guy , the one who exploded , he had it in his trailer ...
Wong , I 've been around . My first year out of journalism school , I got knocked cold covering Devil 's Night for the '' Detroit Tribune . '' That was 1984 .
Anybody in the vicinity when that happens will become a spawning pod thing . Dave , the last world that saw these things was saturated within 100 days . And do n't ask me how I know that either , because I do n't know .
You had this one early this morning in the middle of the thunderstorm . And in the dream , you were back with your girlfriend Tina . Whoa .
Umm , yeah . I , uh ... everyone ran out of the room . They said you had ...
Detective Lawrence Appleton . Would you please step out of the car ? You and your friend ?
And there 's something in the way , I mean , a near contempt in the way that you can casually saunter over to her blanket and create the sense of connection that will allow you to pick her up . And you almost resent the fact that it 's so goddamn easy .
What ? I disagree that 's it 's impossible to determine what it is they really want . I do n't think I said '' impossible . ''
# You 're too familiar # # And I do n't see you anymore # # I would not leave you #
Do you see how open I 'm being with you here ? Well , I know I 'm not telling you anything that you have n't already decided that you know . I can see you forming judgments , with that chilly smile .
She 's ... I 've been married for 21 years , and my wife is just so beautiful , just a beautiful woman . How 'd you meet her ?
Kenny Kirk 's the one that named it the Asset . Go ahead and ask him . More pussy than a toilet seat .
For science , right ? I 'm sorry , is what this is , right , science ? It 'll be used for ... oh , never mind , never mind .
No . What they want is to experience a passion that is so powerful and irresistible that it obliterates any guilt or tension that they may have about betraying their perceived responsibilities . And deep down , they all want to be irresponsible .
It was something about his eyes . She said she knew instantly in the depths of her soul that this man 's intentions were to brutally rape , torture , and kill her and that by the time the psychotic had exited into a secluded area and actually said what his true intentions were , she was n't the least bit surprised , because she knew that she was going to be just another grisly discovery for some amateur botanist or scout troop a few days later , unless she could focus her way into a soul connection
Oh , I love everything about them . I ca n't even describe it . Short ones , tall ones , fat ones , thin , from drop-dead to plain .
You have no fucking idea ! And what if I said that happened to me ? Would that make a difference ?
I did . For the good of all of us , I beg you , finish this .
Stop , you are scaring me . Fiona , I need you to do this . I need you to feel what I knows .
What kind of incident ? Living alone , in a building on the edge , can isolate a person . I 'm concerned that the receiver is ...
Living alone , in a building on the edge , can isolate a person . I 'm concerned that the receiver is ... Becoming reckless .
We can only transmit . Well , then , we shall only transmit . If you go , head towards the triangle , away from the other communities .
I know . But I have to use a vein and ones in your arms are too teeny-weeny . Done .
They skipped Jonas . Thank you for your childhood . Number 78 ...
Hold on . Father , do you love me ? Jonas , precision of language , please .
Jonas . An apple would n't even work . I 've been doing it for a month and it 's worked every single time .
What were they for ? How did your friend see the triangle of rocks ? He 's a pilot .
I feel completely stupid . I have a weird feeling . - This is weird .
I have felt things . Where is the tower , Gabe ? The tower should be here .
I to leave the community . I need to find the boundary of memory . And then ?
Care you have your minds blown ? Do you know how to fly those ? Absolutely .
And then I want you to lose him . POWER DEPLETED
Graham . You know I was just thinking why would I ever leave before New Year 's Eve ? That makes no sense at all .
And then let 's say in six months we hit a wall . Like , I ca n't constantly be away from work or the girls ca n't deal with you leaving so often . And we start to feel the tension .
Iris lives next door To Art . hur He 's a doodle-ee-doo - And also a doodle-ee-doo
Great . I met a really nice guy . See ?
Ca n't believe how many times I 'm saying it . And I never thought I 'd feel this way again , so that 's pretty phenomenal . And I realize I come with a package deal :
No , not at all . I do n't know what that means . I mean , no , I 'm not married .
Nine movies are opening today . I remember when nine movies would open in a month . Now a picture has to make a killing the first weekend or they 're dead .
Turn around ! Turn around and go back , please ! - Did you forget something ?
Totally alone . Please , just give me one . One tear .
I 'm not sure . - Do you want me to ask him ? - Sure .
And did you always know this was what you wanted to do ? Okay , my palms are starting to sweat . I feel like I 'm on a job interview .
I thought I was talking to Graham ! Can you just hold , please ? I 'm terribly sorry .
You can not mean that . - The great thing is I actually do . And I 'm about three years late in telling you this but nevertheless I need to say it .
Well , we have that in common . No , she listed this cottage on a home-exchange website and I found it . We switched houses for two weeks .
In the world of love , Ethan not that I 'm such a genius at it but in the world of love , cheating is not acceptable . No matter what you think ... I know you have a very high opinion of yourself , but this is n't all me .
I 'm talking about the mob guy who ratted him out . Boy Scouts of America over here . Girl Scout .
That ai n't sound real confident . - Yeah , I trust ' em , man . I would n't even come to you with this unless I did .
My girl needs a new car . Hey , do n't you touch that gun . Again , the point that you 've got to be a fatality to provide for your kids ...
Hey , that 's what the judge said . The judge said that in a court of law . He said righter and wronger , right there .
I just got a promotion today , B . All that work me and you put in ? Huh ?
Come on , Dugan . Do n't you want to do something useful with your last two minutes on the job ? Not really .
Since you his people , why do n't we just keep it steady ? Well ... you name the place and you name the time . Let 's bring it in .
You 've earned it . But it 's just , I 've told you , these things , they take ... Time .
And honestly , I do n't care . Three weeks ago she asked me to look for her wallet and when I was looking for her wallet I accidently found this .
Yeah , you 're right , this is weird . No , no , no , man-up , finish . Just get ready for an onslaught .
Since when are you supposed to like your job ? I think our generation catastrophically misunderstands that . Interesting .
I never actually planned on needing it . I just wanted to be a wife and a mom . See , people always look at you funny when you say something that'cause they feel bad for you , or they --
Yeah , no , no , no , I do n't need her address or anything , I just need to know her last name . I 'm sure it was magical , but we cant give our customers personal information to anyone other than the police .
No upsetting questions . I did n't realize it was one . Well , now you do .
She says she does . Look , I only moved to New York because of Chris . And I thought that if I went home it would just be admitting that .
Oh , yeah , you know what , they 're probably away for the holidays . ( Chuckling ) You did not just laugh . It 's kind of funny .
He moved on , so what , so can you . I say take a cab home , get on that dating site , pick a cute guy . No drinks , no dinner , just a hook-up .
I 'm touched . Megan , what do we think ? I think you put me in jail .
How about these two ? Are they special enough to post your bail ? Oh my God , what happened ?
It 's kind of an emergency . That would n't happen to be their mailbox , would it ? Oh , yeah , you know what , they 're probably away for the holidays .
I dare say you 'd throw away all your awards if it ... I 'd throw them in a river . If you could exchange them for knowing your children would live a happy , long ...
I 'm sorry , Chris . You convinced me the first time around someone else is going to have to own up . For fuck 's sake , somebody please !
Dodd , you rip out the wires at 11 : 14 . Rip from below the concrete so they ca n't turn it off without shutting down the grid . Yeah , I know , Harvey , I know .
Where 's he ? - He 's in the living room . - In the living room .
Oh , look at him , he 's gorgeous . We could do an owl , they 've got big heads . Good idea .
Ah , you poor boys . - See you next term , sir . ( buzz of conversation )
Who 's this ? It 's Natasha from Jawbone Records . Alright , Tash .
that 's autistic savant . Is there such a thing as an autistic impressionist ? 'Cause if there is ,
No , I 'm shoving it up your bum ! Makes you think , does n't it ? No .
Yeah . What 's it like up there ? Hm .
I did n't know you were checking it out . - Keep your eyes focused on the road . This car is a lethal weapon .
I am happy . - I do n't think you are . - I am .
They 've got that fucking tape , Tammi . We ca n't prove nothing without that tape . - Well , do you wan na go and get it ?
Did you like school , Scott ? - I 'm afraid it did n't agree with me . Oh , that 's a shame .
# We had a promise made , four hands and then away # Both under influence , we had divine scent # To know what to say , mind is a razorblade
It 's like you look in the hole , and it knows you somehow . It brings your fears to life . It 's like ...
I 'm scared of dying . That 's why I woke up . - Oh , when did you wake up ?
While there are guns , their use brings unwanted police attention . This being the case , the sensible criminal maintains a fearsome reputation with good old-fashioned hard graft . Step 2 .
Really ? Do I have to really spell it out ? The things that ?
There 's people being turned away and they 're out on the street . Let 's do this thing , let 's just do it . Give me one minute , OK ?
Women . You want to test me ? I will shoot you where you stand .
# But our love broke through # I was running to catch the door # For so long , just because
I love my freedom . I 'm a lucky lady , I know that . - All right , no need to rub it in .
They 're not down here . If there 's treasure , I get half . This is just a hole .
Left . - I choose the left tap . - Left tap turning on .
She , er ... She likes to cuddle , this one . Wan na cuddle her , eh ?
Anyway , it does n't matter . Mischa ca n't come , and I do n't want to go alone . I 've asked other people , but they 're all too busy , so , you know , do you want to come ?
Please . - I wo n't lie to you again . - I ca n't ...
I think I better go home before I 'm sick . Anna , thank you so much for coming . - I have n't had such a laugh In ages ...
BOTH : ♪ Once I ran to you ♪ ♪ Now I run from you ♪ ♪ Ahh ♪
Whoa ! You 've got stuck halfway towards your destination ! You 're stuck in a metaphor !
It 's just that he 's not used to the idea of me ... You do n't have to explain . I get it .
Okay you guys , call me if there 's any problems . but I do n't want any problems . So please do n't call me .
My boss , therefore your boss , Mr Zigic , he likes to keep things simple . Black and white , you might say . You do n't have to pay in cash .
That 's part of it , is n't it ? I 've got a great job , brilliant kids , lovely flat . I 've got her to look at .
This is last term . - Tick , tick , tick , tick , tick . Oh , he 's good at his numbers .
It 's OK. - I did n't mean to upset you . - OK .
No , you 're right . I 've got proper walking gear . I 've got , you know , crampons .
I know it sounds callous ... The girls 'll never agree to this . Girls ?
Do n't sulk . We do n't know where we are , sir . Your class or Mr Irwin 's .
Not being in the swim . ( stutters ) Can you see that ? Yes , sir .
[ `` GET WHAT YOU PAID 4 ! ( MARCO BALLEY REMIX ) '' PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS ] Hey , Bobby , we 're gon na move on .
Who can forget that ? Think I better die now . You could say that .
The right thing ? We just feel , like , the best thing would be if we bury Lisa at sea . Here .
Calm down , Chris . - Do n't tell me to calm down ! - Chris !
If they buried you or cremated you , they would both suit me fine . Would you come to my funeral ? Would you turn up , do you think ?
You want to check whether that 's OK with our guests ? So you want to shoot me now ? We found Marcus .
Than have him find out what happened . Show me with your eyes , Felix . Show him .
Are you not pleased ? - It 's not like winning a match . You see , Miss ...
`` Mr Puffy looked all over his house , `` but he could n't find his magic jacket anywhere. `` ' What am I to do ?
Facts , facts , facts . They 're clever , but they 're crass . And were it Bristol or York , I 'd have no worries .
We burnt the one he gave us , did n't we , Bri ? Remember , in the fire in The Griffin ? - Alright , you two ...
Do n't listen to him . Anyway , I need a drink , so let 's go find a bar . MORELLO :
You 're all fucking mental . Look , how long have you actually known Lisa ? Do you want to be the one who has to tell her parents exactly what she was doing when she died ?
We were forged in the same fire . This weakness was not what he was made of . All this is in his name .
There 's two guys at the back of the road selling drugs and you have a speed camera . Why do you need a speed camera ? You can wait .
And looking back , immediately in front of us is dead ground- we do n't see it . And because we do n't see it , this means there is no period so remote as the recent past . And one of the historian 's jobs is to anticipate what our perspective of that period will be .
Your life changes , buster . And not always for the better . You accumulate regrets and they stick to you like old bruises .
Yeah , I better get back . Jem 's not feeling too well . Dad !
We leave at 10 : 00-ish . But now to bed , unless you are one of those people , like me , who finds it very hard to get off after he 's eaten cheese , in which case , stay awhile by the fire , talk of battles past and old , and then and only then , sire , go thee to bed .
I 'll get back to George 's , get the cab . Meet us at this point here , this quay , 5 : 30 a.m. sharp . I do n't want to be hanging around with all that cash .
`` but it were n't our fault . '' We do n't need their consent . Not anymore .
I then killed a legend . That will be 2 in a week . Fuck it .
My father ? He used to say , life is ... Life is ...
Really ? You do n't want to try and go and kiss a girl with a big lump of chicken stuck inside of one of your molars . See that strikes me as odd , that a man at our age would be thinking about trying to kiss girls .
Why would a little girl be down here ? I 'd rather know , why she followed me into the bathroom at the diner ? - Maybe it 's a wormhole ?
Yeah . The long features on the surface are the rillenkaren . Fantastic .
Right . So , not the Stocks Brothers ? No .
Fresh air , nature , all that bollocks . So where 'd you get the new motor from ? The Merc ?
I do n't know . Maybe him and Albert had the same idea as us . The three friends of yours , you need to give me their names .
You do n't even think about the future , do you ? What happends when you 're my age . I 'm hopeful thinking you 'll never get there .
# Though it 's hurting me # All of her Ss are high . Though it'ssss herding me ...
No . You 're not going to see my face this time . I want to see your face all the time .
Yeah , well , retro novelty angle . That 's what I said to him . It 's real unusual , because the last time I got one of these was in ' 93 off Oasis ' Noel Gallagher .
( Knock ) - Are there any ghosts in this house ? - ( Loud rattle )
Check out the Plaza down on Oxford Street . Walk through to the main bit ... And look directly up .
All of them ! Very kind of you to join us , Eli . Sorry , some bitch ...
Hey , wow . Rob 's was a very entertaining version , but I do n't think ... I do n't think it was as accurate as mine .
It 's not ideal , but I do n't a fucking choise . I was thinking that the few of us ... Sit down and have a quiet drink together .
You guys are like celebrities . I mean most people move out of Bensonville , not in it . Really ?
♪ Tonight you 're mine , You 're mine , you 're mine ♪ ♪ Tonight you 're mine , You 're mine , you 're mine ♪ ♪ Tonight you 're mine , You 're mine , you 're mine ♪
What 's wrong with you ? Why would Artists Liaisons have cutters ? Thank you , T in the Park !
Go on , make it work . ( Shouting and jeering from phone ) ( Indistinct shouting )
I want to be in films , good films . Where exactly are you at the moment ? I 'm in the Trough of Bowland .
I know you 've got other people sniffing around you . I do n't want to know where . The question is , do you want to get into bed with me and make beautiful music or not ?
Mmm . It troubles me when our clients forget the protection insurance we offer . That may happen to some of your other men , like Sebastian , but we will always deliver .
Oh ! I heard about you losing the money of my uncle. `` Oh , I heard about you losing my uncle 's money . ''
Olivia Newton-John 's version of Xanadu . I think both Newton-John and Coleridge tackled the subject of Xanadu with varying degrees of success . They call it Xanadu .
[ Harvey ] Hello , DI West . I take it you saw the tape were recording and decided to investigate a little . Now , you could go running down the corridor screaming for a blue light , bring me in so we can talk more about charges and evidence , but what 's the point in doing that when you can sit down , listen
Maybe before my time maybe . We need to get some sort of a system going , you know , about who I 've met before and who I have n't , because they remember meeting me , and I do n't remember meeting them , so that can get embarrassing . - Do you want me to ask her ?
See you . [ Harvey ] 10 : 45 we moved to our first positions , ready to go when the clock struck 11 . We expected the first coaches home in under 30 minutes .
Good . - Really nice to meet you . - God bless .
Is she dead ? No , she 's fine , she 's fine . ( Loud thump )
I do n't know . It 's a bit full on . - Go on .
This family read about it in the papers , adopted me . They 've called me Lucky ever since . Wow .
♪ I 'm gon na leave you , baby ♪ ♪ No , you 're not ♪ [ LAUGHS ]
Morello coming through . ♪ Tonight you 're mine , You 're mine , you 're mine ♪ ♪ I feel your light shining on me ♪
# One night of magic rush , the start a simple touch # One night to push and scream ... This is gon na be so cool .
I do n't do impressions . I 'm saying that it can be hard to have a big success . Bob Balaban said , '' Never be hot .
What am I supposed to do ? I just do n't get it . After everythings that 's happen and ...
When he has to stop pretending he 's something he 's not . I 'll get my revenge for Mickey . He was a good man .
I 'm dead excited . I 've got you some cash as well . Could n't get much . 50 quid .
Another is that you seem genuinely concerned for my wellbeing , so I thought I 'd put your mind at ease . But mainly it 's because I need you to restore my faith in humanity . You have a choice , DI West .
It is. `` Samuel Peet- not dead , only sleeping . '' He 's gon na be pissed off when he wakes up .
Mom , Lucas just said , '' Shut up . '' Do the two of you realise that you 're embarrassing yourselves in front of our new neighbour ? Better than Mr . Hide walking in Clark Street in boxers .
C'mon ! You can stare at her outside . Okay !
You lost or something ? I do n't want to die . Dane !
You were nicking drinks , but you 've got a yacht ? We just wanted you to like us for who we really are . - You do not have a boat .
♪ Describe me a position But I do n't wan na play ♪ ♪ Realize I should be pretty And have nothing to say ♪ ♪ I will not stay put and obey ♪
They should put back conscription . Would n't have done us any good . I mean , we were n't much better , were we ?
Really . Oh , my God , I 'm so happy . Come on in .
Sweetheart . And I change my shift at the hospital to do it . Please stop ...
She 's jealous . Kim gets all the attention . You 're too uptight .
You did n't . I 'm not in love with you any more . I 'm sorry .
Black and white , you might say . You do n't have to pay in cash . They did n't .
On my knees probably , same as you . I shall want a full report . - Are you jealous ?
We need to do this now . While those girls are still scared . All right , Kim .
That 's all right . It 's tomorrow afternoon , So you can pick Charlie up from Jem and George 's at four . - OK .
Oft in lonely rooms'mid the din of towns and cities I have owed to them in hours of weariness ... You 're spoiling it .
You 're gon na regret this , I swear . - I do n't want to suspend him . You should , if it helps .
Mischa ca n't come , and I do n't want to go alone . I 've asked other people , but they 're all too busy , so , you know , do you want to come ? Uh ... well , do n't know , really .
Look in the drawer of the workbench . Find something you can use as a weapon . Something small enough to hide , a s-screwdriver maybe .
Who shall change the body of our low estate , that it may be likened to His glorious body . We give Thee hearty thanks ... ( Inaudible ) ( Woman sings )
I do n't want a party . Join hands and make contact with the living , son ! You 've got to keep it hidden , see ?
No , no , I do n't . I think of you , and I just let him free . I let him off the lead , as it were .
What about this one , sir ? `` Those long , uneven lines Standing as patiently As if they were stretched outside The Oval or Villa Park ,
It 's not expected . You think of that as industrial , of sort of ... associate that kind of music normally with an urban landscape . # Walk
Yeah . I think I 'm just worried about Helen . Really , how do you mean ?
That 's horrible ! It ca n't just be black ! Do n't take the piss !
♪ Tonight you 're mine , You 're mine , you 're mine ♪ ♪ Tonight you 're mine , You 're mine , you 're mine ♪ Hey , hey !
No , it 's not . Can we do another séance ? The proper reaction is to mourn and celebrate their achievements as human beings , then try to move on , not stick a microphone up their nose !
This is going to be weird . What , four in a bed ? No , that 's fine .
Sir . I never gave you my essay . What degree did you get , sir ?
Why do people have to be like that ? She was n't being like anything . It is only open for another half an hour , and that woman , in all fairness , is probably bereaved .
Reach . Tell you what ... three bullets left . 50-50 chance of getting a live round .
Oh that 's so sweet . Did Aunt Bee bake us a pie ? This place sux ( sucks ) .
It 's terrible . You 'd be better off going anti-clockwise . Right .
Mush people ... I thought it was from blacksmith . You know ...
( Coughs ) Yeah , so ... so you were saying 700 for the.38 ? - ( Kenny ) Yeah . ( Sniffs )
Cut him down . Would 've been better to let him die . His brother 's gone crazy .
Blimey ! Linda , would you get me a coffee , please ? I understand things are going rather slowly with the stabbing of the pensioner ?
If you need to talk , tell me . - It 's that man at the station , is n't it ? - What ?
Morning , morning . Bye , darling , have a good day . Be good .
♪ Jill was 16 And Jack had just turned 20 ♪ ♪ Lying there on the midnight sand ♪ ♪ He said he 'd give her the sky If she held his hand ♪
♪ Run away I 've got to Get away from the pain ♪ ♪ You drive into the heart of me ♪ ♪ The love we share Seems to go nowhere ♪
It 's just ... Are you not going to live at home ? I do n't know .
No , it 's not . No , no , it 's a rough approximation . Do you like that racist generalized interpretation of Spanish ?
What route are you taking ? The ... well , getting on the M60 clockwise and then on the M56 , M6 . - You want to watch that .
Excuse me ... Was that the London train ? - Yes .
I was a good-looking fella . Then one day I came back home and she 'd ... Many years later , I got a letter saying that she 'd ...
Noel Winters , I 'm arresting you on suspicion of murder ... I do n't know what you 're talking about ! Are you reading me my rights ?
Nothing . - Have you ever been in that place ? - Those Thai girls are n't girls .
I 'm just a '' party guy . '' Gemma , there 's a workbench just a few feet behind you . There 's a drawer .
Good morning , this is Clare Miller with your early morning news update . FormerMP Alan Peters will begin his three-year sentence for fraud , today . Peters was convicted back in September and will serve at least 18 months in Ford Open Prison .
It 's , like ... it 's familiar ... like , we all know what a lolly is ... but there 's something very different about it . And like lollipops , it 's something that we enjoyed a long time ago . Mm .
George , please , I ca n't . Joe , do you want to see If Charlie 's in ? Charlie 's with her dad .
Course she likes me . Then you 're not disputing the territory , just negotiating over the pace of the occupation . Just let us know when you get to Berlin .
Hi . Why ca n't it still be dark outside ? No .
I forgive you . 'Marty , I 'll be very sad to see you go . 'You 've really made a difference in my life .
I am calm . - You ca n't drive like this . - You ca n't comment on my driving !
I hope you believe I were justified . Now , I 'm sure you 're wondering about the money . After all , was n't that the point ?
Totally . A couple of weeks ago I came in Monday- I told Poppy- sat the kids down for carpet time , asked them what they did over the weekend .
Ahem ! ( quietly ) '' ... they achieve some of the permanence of art simply by persisting and acquire incremental significance if only as social history . '' Dear me .
So you are , then ? - What if we do n't like it ? - What if we do ?
It 's over ! - Get out of my way ! This is enough !
Both the findings of the committee and the police investigation have found no evidence to support such a theory . And , can I just say on a personal note , Martin , that type of wild speculation undermines the work of the police force and ultimately does a disservice to members of the public who support it . Now , as I made clear many months ago we operate and apply a zero-tolerance policy with reference to criminal activity involving firearms and the distribution of drugs .
And it puts some distance between him and his money in case he ever gets his collar felt . I suppose his firm looks after the club , so he thinks it 's safe there as in his own office . Even more so .
( Laughter ) I think I 've made a mistake , all right ? - Just give it a day .
Always were . Alright , get in the cage with my boy . Let 's see if your arshole is still intact .
Are you OK ? Look , I've-I've-I 've made a decision . I love you .
'Animals also provide much-needed company . ' 'Price 's methods were thorough and no nonsense . 'Like many scientists of his generation , he believed it was a matter of time ... '
Is that what it is ? It 's that you do n't want to be like Hector ? Well , you wo n't be .
♪ And saw ♪ Can I just see you without your glasses ? Yeah .
Oh , and you too . You too , Dorothy , of course , who laid the foundations . - Not Rudge , Headmaster .
No . No , she 's not my type . She 's right up Felix 's street though .
It 's a bit too bright . Well , this is what I would wear if I was , you know , genuinely out walking . The red 's just for safety reasons , really .
Subtitles corrected resynced ♪ ♪ by AsifAkheirESL @ teachers.org My name is Paul Dean . But everybody calls me Dixie .
Come here . Let me just get rid of him . Who is it ?
Oh ! Well , if I see her , I 'll let her know you 're looking for her . You do that .
Parilla scores , Revie scores , and Hudson has n't ... All right , so we 've left Maggie in the park , right ? And she 's got her one-year-old , and they 're in the stroller , and as they 're walking to the playground , she sees this really hot black couple .
My head leaves me small Mr. Dillon , I mean , these images we found on your computer , they 're ... Not illegal .
No , I 'm not . - He 'd love you to come . - Yes .
Do you wan na watch me with a girl ? What about those Brazilian twins we met at the ballgame ? I was ...
Your grandma and grandpa , now , that 's an incredible love story , is n't it ? I mean , that was perfect , right ? Well , what proof do we have that they didn'tjust meet during the war in a less dramatic way ?
I thought the season was over . I was looking forward to taking a break for a little bit . John , what are you talking about ?
Love ? You talking about the kind of love where you put somebody else 's needs before your own ? Are you going to do that ?
Okay . It was great to meet you . [ WHISPERING ] Thank you .
Ah , eureka . I want you to try something . I want you to be really nice to anybody that you think is suspicious .
They 're brothers from New Hampshire . They got some sort of N.P.O . Called Holy Shirts Pants . - I will check into them .
Let me grab a ... a water . I will never forgive you for this , Drew , everything you 've put us through ... - Mom ...
JOHN : I 'm not gon na bite you . Do you want full speed or half speed ?
You are relentless In the way that you ask me So many questions of my days in the city
I ca n't do this anymore with you , okay ? It 's been months , you have n't heard anything from her . She has n't returned your phone calls , she 's never responded to your letters .
And some poetry , courtesy of Sarah McLachlan . [ THE ISLEY BROTHERS ' '' SHOUT '' PLAYS OVER SPEAKERS ] [ ALL SINGING ]
Bobby O'Shea . - I 'm ready to get drunk . - Ha , ha .
Love , there 's no litmus test for it , is there ? I mean , there 's no proof . I mean , how do you know ... how do you know that I love you ?
I was ... I was thinking more along the lines of an engagement . But that sounds terrific .
I was ... I was eating my lunch in my truck , you know , facing the softball field . Okay .
Yea , they all have one breath so that a man hath no preeminence above the beast . While each man thinks he knows love love , we have learned , is a mystery . That 's what makes today so special .
Hi . I thought you were coming home later . Nope .
And I realized we 're all gon na lose the people we love . That 's the way it is . But not me , not right now .
Mm-hmm . 'Cause no matter how horrible the marriage was -- I do n't even think it was that bad .
We believe the perpetrator snuck into the bedroom window and took her while the family was asleep . Detective , one more question , please . You 've been questioning a neighbor by the name of Roger Beckworth .
Yeah , well , you know what ? It 's not as bad as what 's ahead of you because at one time you thought there was love there , right in your life ? Well , you were wrong .
Pass the remote , youngster . Let me show you how it works . I got this bad boy from my man for free .
It 's Ginny Summerson . Your senior counselor from Camp Mishancominga . How are you ?
Did n't I tell you that ? I 'm gon na miss you too , Otto now that we 've reconnected . Sorry .
Come here . I 'm talking to my family here . I love y'all .
¶ That 's how long I want to be your friend ¶ ¶ Make new friends but keep the old ¶ ¶ Richard Watts .
I ai n't trying to go out like that . I 'm gon na be a seller . I 'm gon na get my own business .
I 'm okay . That 's not work , is it ? Oh , it 's , um --
I want to see my daddy ! - I want to see my son ! I 'm gon na call the police !
Let me see that . You moved your snot to your cheek . You ca n't ...
You tried to take my liquor ! And you tried to take my bike . What kind of bitch-ass punch was that ?
What do you think about that ? You gon na beat my mama ? No .
Oh , uh-huh . Hey , did you and your husband , did you fight ? God , yeah .
Next thing you know , he 'll be goin ' upside her head . Ai n't that the way it go ? Why are you still with him ?
Annie -- No ! I 'm not exposing my daughter to that . Come on .
It was so fun to see you , Otto . You should think about boarding school for your kid . Stay in touch when you can , alright ?
Get off of me ! - You know you love me . Get out of my room !
Oh , my God . He do n't love me no more . Get me out of here !
You 're someone 's father . Oh , my God , this is the worst thing in the world . No .
What do you want to ask ? When you 're gone will mommy come back ? I sure hope so .
I would n't have been able to manage without you , but it 's time for us to go back home and start our new life as a family . We can help you find a place of your own right here , in Los Alamos . Try to understand .
Oh ! That is the perfect opportunity to work on our relationship . Absolutely baby .
I thought you had everything under control . You know with the mayor ... I was about to tell the mayor were ...
You okay there ? [ Jane bursts into laughter ] Yeah , I 'm good , I 'm good . Okay .
I am like crazy lost . Where do you want to go ? Oh , it 's not the question of the day .
Then , yeah . I guess we 'd stay here . [ Davey ] See the Big Dipper ?
[ Inhale/ Exhale ] But every dream has to end sometime , right ? [ Snoring ]
[ Jane ] Hi . That 's why my parents named me Jane . What do you mean ?
I 'm not going to be here very long . And when I 'm gone , I want you to have it . [ heart monitor beeps ] [ sighs ]
Cause you loved musical theater . I still love musical theater . I still love you .
It means it does n't matter , honey . Because it 's not going to happen . I 'd like to go up ...
It 's demoralizing . Why are you always trying to upstage me ? Would you stop flirting with victoria .
[ medicine rattles in trash ] [ sighs ] [ various hospital sounds ] [ knocking on door ] [ door opens ]
When Winter comes , all the lizards will disappear . You wo n't see them again until Spring . Then they 'll lay out on the rocks , soaking up all the sun .
Teddy 's trying to climb the Christmas tree . I should probably get that . I guess .
I auditioned for a play and they told me , and I quote '' You have the worst singing voice '' I 've ever heard in my whole life '' . [ Laughs ]
[ doorbell ] [ Walter ] That would be Ned . Hey , Ned .
I 'm sorry . I 'll go sleep on the couch . No .
So , you 're just going to leave me here ? [ slow music and highway driving ] [ dogs barking ]
[ Clapping/ Cheering ] A Merry Christmas to all . And to all a good night .
And both bombs were designed , fabricated , and assembled right here in Los Alamos . They killed a lot of people , right ? Yes ...
[ Kiss ] Here 's the one with my handprint . Wow .
Hi . Martin was a national Merit Scholarship winner . And he 's runner-up to the Westinghouse contest .
I ... yes of course we would n't miss it . Also , I can not stop thinking ... About that land development idea of yours .
[ Bitsy ] Gwen , you 're in for a treat . Ned plays like an angel . [ Gwen ] You guys , keep the doors locked .
I 'm just waiting up for the jolly man . You go back to sleep . When you wake up you can open your gifts , ok ?
You wo n't see them again until Spring . Then they 'll lay out on the rocks , soaking up all the sun . Like me .
[ Bitsy ] I know what I 'm doing . Well , I hope so , Bits . I hope so .
That is the last time I use your birthday as a password . I ca n't believe you read my e-mails . Brendan , I love you but we have to learn to respect each other 's privacy in this house .
It 's just some kids my class are going to Florida or to Colorado or even Switzerland . You got a lot of rich kids in your school . - We do n't got that kind of money .
League rule . Every kid has to play two innings . Even kids like him .
Well , maybe they do things differently in Africa . I forgot you were an expert at closets and African refund policies . Okay .
That 's not gon na work . Because that 's spring break and I 've got ta take care of the boys . - Strike two !
JIM : She looked very nice with that haircut . ... and the tracksuit , are you kidding me ?
Very tight game going on there . I do n't wan na miss it . ANNOUNCER :
And you 'd say , '' Oh , we lived in a house when you cheated on me . '' Or I could say , '' Pass that pickle . '' And you could say , I do n't know . Something about a pickle and you cheating on me .
She said she ca n't afford not to stay . You 're a good cop , Suit . You can hang your hat on that .
If you want to know where I was ... Are you a lawyer , Officer Stone ? No , I 'm a cop .
Rehab mill . I 've heard it described as that . They graduated her on prescription drugs , and within a year , she was into smack and prostitution .
Go right on in . Well , I do n't want to meddle in police business . See you at dinner , William .
You do . How would you know that ? I 'm the police chief .
I do n't think you 'll fall in love with me . We can be each other 's friend . We can have some nice , uncomplicated sex .
You ca n't kill me . Why ca n't I kill you ? The hotel has your name .
What I meant was , lots of kids OD . But crime is bad for tourism , and tourism is Paradise 's main business . I know that , sir .
If one of our doctors felt it was appropriate , it 's possible he or she might prescribe medication . Well , you were her doctor . That 's all I 'm required to tell you .
What makes you think I got a problem ? Every time you stop by to see how I 'm doing , either you got a problem , or I got a problem . Well ... you 've got a problem .
In what way ? You know what you want . Sometimes I know what I want .
Yes . I was a cop in L.A . Always a cop ?
No , her Mom lives here ; she lived at school in Boston . What do you think , Luthor ?
One of those expensive places in Boston . When she got out , she went back to college . And you kept in touch .
They cost a lot , do n't do much good , and can be part of the problem . This kid went in for alcohol and came out with prescription drugs . Well , heroin 's the main course , but they might 've provided the appetizers .
Not just lift her up . Yeah , do n't just drop her , okay ? Pick her up , and put her down in a new spot .
And then stand by , stage right , to switch our dancers here ... or to switch our light walkers . If , by chance , sorry , before you start , that I do n't have their marks ... - Hold please , Katie .
You 're in fifth . Bring the right leg up through passe ' , and then step out . That 's it .
I see what you mean . - And that 's one of the things ... And we do n't have to answer that right now .
I have to be a little further . Or maybe I can move back . Or something .
Do you want to go ... We can do the old way . I have to just work on it so that I ... because I 'm , like , really ...
Yeah ? You want to try anything ? - I say we go for it .
They can ... I mean , they 'll do whatever ... I mean , whatever we want .
I think if you went in and just told Marquerite to wait 30 seconds and you went to Andy and you said , `` Do you mind if I address the orchestra ? '' Yeah .
Four , two , three , four , five , six . Five , two , three , four , five , six . Six , two , three , four , five , six .
Five , six . Two , two , three , four , five , six . Three , two , three , four , five , six .
Yeah , it really was n't that great . We have been awaiting your coming . We have worked very hard for many years , suffered many tragic setbacks in an attempt to find and communicate with your world .
Gentlemen , welcome ! As you can see , a select few interested parties were allowed to come and observe your arrival . So we thought removing the garments would lessen your discomfort .
The thunder came right as she hit the detonator at the end of your dream . Your mind started the dream 30 seconds before the thunder . Now how did the mind know that the thunder was coming ?
Hello , Doctor . Uh , yeah , John is feeling better . Thank you for asking .
Your second question answers your first . There are two people still alive from last night other than me , Fred Chu and your girlfriend Amy .
The kids that died ... that was that rave overdose , was n't it ? I remember all that ... a couple of years ago , seeing that on the news . I thought they got ahold of some tainted ecstasy or something .
John and I are having a bit of a problem here . We 're both seeing completely different versions of you . Now John here has eyesight problems'cause of his constant masturbation , but I do n't think ...
Okay , I 'll tell you what ... if we can get you in touch with Marconi so you two can work out your little differences , will you release us ? - You lie !
As soon as you get home with your newly-headed ax though ... - You meet the reanimated body of the guy you beheaded last year , only he 's got a new head stitched on with what looks like plastic weed-trimmer line and wears that unique expression of you're-the-man-who-killed-me- last-winter resentment that one so rarely encounters in everyday life .
Mm-hmm . Yeah , would you be willing to speak directly to the manifestation ? Okay , yeah , I will .
Here 's what you 're gon na do . I 'll be back in five minutes and then you are gon na tell me the truth . And if you obstruct me in any way , you 're gon na live the rest of your days wishing you had not .
We have worked very hard for many years , suffered many tragic setbacks in an attempt to find and communicate with your world . Your world , you see , is a twin to our own , dual offspring born of the same litter . Watch !
Yes , yes , groan , groan , I know . It actually will be a fascinating example of scientific hubris . Pay close attention to the documenter rather than the documented .
Can you imagine how any of this felt , to look at her sandals across the room on the floor and remember what I had thought of them only hours before ? And I 'd say her name and she 'd say , '' What ? '' And I 'd say her name again .
Elizabeth Montgomery would perform a circular motion with her hand accompanied by the sound of a zither or harp and produce a supernatural effect in which all motion ceased and all the other characters were suddenly frozen in mid-gesture . So it is of little wonder that my fantasy also involves supernatural powers over the women of my choosing . For some reason , my fantasy always takes place at a gym , the gym my mother religiously attended .
And this was my first hint of sadness in listening to the anecdote , 'cause I found myself admiring certain qualities in her story that were the same qualities I had been contemptuous of when I first picked her up in the park . And then he asks her to get out of the car and lie prone on the ground . And she does n't hesitate or beg .
I 'm really starting to freak out . And I know it 's insecure , but it 's very important to me that you believe that I have meant it absolutely every time I told you that I loved you , every time . And I know I should 've told you some of all this about me sooner , before you moved all the way out here , which , believe me , meant so ... it made me feel you really cared about this ,
And then it would change her and , you know ... And I 'd have to convince myself , `` No , no , this is who you signed up with .
Well , I 'm sorry , Harry , but that is my opinion you 're stepping on . Well , the holidays are a chance to have fun . You know , this whole moral oppression thing is fuckin ' lame .
And what I do is , I go back there , and I talk to this one and that one , and eventually , I get around to the story of how I got the name Johnny One . That 's one of the stages of the thing .
So he comes over there and he says , `` You boys nowadays are all the same . '' `` Excuse me ? ''
Would that possibility have even occurred to a ... a not-so-smart girl ? Would a dumb girl have the sense to suspect that ? Hmm .
Well , I 'm aware of how all this sounds . I can see that look on your face . And I know you .
And she was straight out of central casting : the sandals , flamboyantly long hair , financial support from parents she reviled , and some professed membership in a apostrophe-heavy Eastern religion that I would defy anyone to pronounce correctly . Look , I 'll just bite the political bullet and confess that I classified her as a strictly one-night objective , and that my interest in her was due almost entirely to the fact that , yes , she was pretty .
I just , I grabbed onto her skirt and I begged her not to leave . And then I watched her gently close the door and walk off barefoot down the hall and never seeing her again . That it did n't matter that she was fluffy or not terribly bright ... nothing else mattered .
He takes their briefcase and their topcoats , guards them , remembers without asking whose is whose , speaking as little as possible in all those acoustics , appearing at men 's elbows to hand them a towel . This is my father 's career . Why this ?
`` who answers to the name of Jonas. `` He shall be the most powerful of all the receivers . '' Wait .
Good morning , chief elder . I appologize for my remote attendance . We accept your apology .
Charade . I do n't expect you to understand , but you must know that Jonas has become dangerous . He must be stopped .
Can I be released to elsewhere , mother ? Even just for one day . No , you 're too young lily-Billy .
Asher and I , we used to dare each other to get close to his place . It was built right on the edge . We 'd all heard of people getting lost to the edge , never to be seen again .
Fine . I am concerned about the receiver . Many years ago there was an incident .
I would be . We 've been told the chief elder knew everything . Things nobody else did .
Let 's go for a walk . A real one , with your legs . At the bottom of the hill ,
It just seemed more complete . The more I experienced , the more I wanted . Once there were other living things .
You are the reason we have a chance . So , the plan will be for you to go and for me to stay . If you did cross this boundary , and if the memories are set free , all of the pain that you 've felt , all the ...
I ca n't go . When I 'll get there , you 'll understand . I 'll come back for you .
Well , I 'm talking about what you feel for someone else . And the mind ca n't explain it and you -- you ca n't make it go away . What is it ?
I do n't know what it is exactly , but Jonas does . I have felt things and they were warm . And they were nice .
Music . Well , music when I hit the right keys . Just like music , there 's something else you ca n't see with your eyes .
Anything can happen . Five , six , seven , eight , nine , 10 , 11 , 12 . One a. m. in London .
Look , he 's half-dead , and he 's still interested . Well , I mean , that made me curious . You know , he 's here .
Until the father she never knew left her something she never expected . - You happen to have two guns ? - I did n't think one would be enough .
Not like the way other people do . How 's that for something to admit ? Well , like I said , Most Interesting Girl Award .
It was groundbreaking . I 'm gon na test you on this later . Okay .
The worst Christmases , the worst birthdays . New Year 's Eves brought in by tears and Valium . These years I 've been in love have been the darkest days of my life all because I 'm cursed by being in love with a man who does not and will not love me back .
I should know how to do this . You 're supposed to plug them in over here . Right .
Amanda 's not here , I 'm afraid . I 'm trying to figure out how to open the gate . Oh , fu ... very nice .
I 'm sorry . They used to say that single women over 35 were more likely to be killed by a terrorist than to get married . That was horrible .
And a letter from the Writers Guild of America , West . Are you watching the movies I recommended ? Yes !
You need this more than I do . That 's what you 're doing here ? You 're getting over somebody ?
Yes . I have n't been on a first date in a long time . Well , since we 've already had sex and slept together twice maybe we can bend the first-date rules .
You broke my heart . And you acted like somehow it was my fault my misunderstanding , and I was too in love with you to ever be mad at you , so I just punished myself ! For years !
An actual book . For years , I read these reviews , I buy the books , but I never read them . Did you read that article in The New York Times last Sunday ?
And in here is the kitchen . You 've seen the kitchen , right ? - Yeah .
Oh , I 'm your boy , huh ? - You know that 's not what I meant . You get in touch with Allisa ?
he had this little standoff shit where he would square off on a cat and he had this little slow rock . You know what I 'm saying ? Cats would be mouthing off to him , he 'd just , you know , keep his head down a little bit under the eye of the motherfucker like this .
And he bought that ? Yeah , well , he bought nothing . That 's a true story .
Well , now you do . Okay , I am trying very hard to think of a question that could in no way be construed as upsetting . Do you like dogs ?
Why do n't you have food ? Well , I had food , and then we ate it all when we were really high . Oh , yeah .
Oh ... Chris , I think this girl 's trying to get by you . Oh , no .
You do n't go anywhere . Okay , wait , look , I am old enough , I swear . Do you see that , right there ?
I 'm thinking Ben . I like that , that 's cool . ( Whispering ) Ben .
Okay . They should label it or something , right ? I think it 's inside out actually , but it 's fine .
That 's why you never let your friends borrow plungers . There 's like a thousand reasons . Look , just shut the door .
Right back at you . So were your parents doctors ? Mm-mm .
I just wanted to be a wife and a mom . See , people always look at you funny when you say something that'cause they feel bad for you , or they -- Megan , I 'm not -- I 'm sorry , I was n't trying to look at you funny .
( Rick on TV ) Let 's take a look at some of the outside stuff . We 're looking at the New Jersey transit making local stops all day long . Here in menlo park ...
You were honest with me about that . I 've got something I need to tell you , too . Cheap bastard .
Apart from the prints , two things came out of the conversation . One , she thinks you saw her get out of Roper 's car two nights ago . - Did you ?
Do n't you ? - You got a few moments to talk it over . I 'll be outside .
I think we need to sex this party up a bit . - What do you think , boys ? - Yes .
Lie on your back for me , please . Must get one of these . Come in very handy .
But I 'm not leaving . I 'm coming back next year . ( shouting ) That 's brilliant !
I want a room with a view . I want to see a tree . I think anyone over 40 who amuses themself by doing impressions needs to take a long , hard look in the mirror .
Well , they 're wrong . I 've not heard your Michael Caine , but I assume it would be something along the lines of : My name 's Michael Caine .
There we go . There 's a joint in your spine that 's jammed up . Oh , no .
Facing front . Look in front of us . It 's not salsa .
Some of the characters . Who can forget his Tom Jones impression ? Who can forget that ?
I wish . Through here , this is the living room . Ta-da !
OK . If you go straight on , there 's a street called Narrow Street . OK , thanks .
Shall we give him ... Shall we give him a few bits ? Do you want to give him ...
Sean , get the anchor out of the RIB . If we do n't weigh her down , she 'll be ashore before we are . This is not right .
Oh , my god ... You got to be careful , Jul ( Julie ) . I know .
You do n't like that . He 's been overindulged and encouraged to express himself . Express himself !
Pretty face like yours , 12 months inside , oh , it must hurt to sit . Already had this one from Dempsey . You thieving little bastard .
Oi ! Anymore of that and you get no boots , alright ? Now , wrap them up .
1,170 pounds a month , all up front . She said 1,000 on the phone . Shh . ' S alright , love .
I would ... Mel Gibson coming over the hill . I would just love to do a costume drama in these hills , just leaping , vaulting over dry stone walls with a scabbard .
* I hope you find a little more time * Remember we were partners in crime * It 's only two years ago
Then one day I came back home and she 'd ... Many years later , I got a letter saying that she 'd ... I was too late for her bloody funeral !
`` ' and have the jolliest dreams and fun . ' `` Mr Puffy put on his magic jacket and snuggled deep down `` into the fluffy duvet in his deliciously warm , soft bed
Who sent the postcard ? If I knew , you really think I would n't tell you . I do n't know .
Yeah . What 's making you so angry ? I want to help sort this out .
So a year in prison were n't enough ? And you think it 's worth going back , for what ? Robbing a fucking working men 's club ?
He 's gone now . Do n't have to worry about it . Yeah ... cool !
I 'll be okay . You think Chris could have sent the postcard ? I do n't know .
Suck it . I think we can all agree . That the truth hurts .
* Now he 's in love with you he 's in love with you ... Have n't you had enough , Harry ? I do n't think I 've seen you pissed before .
You 're not doing it the way he speaks ! You 're not doing it with the kind of ... And you do n't do the broken voice when he gets very emotional , when he gets very emotional indeed .
And you know , I was never so proud until the day I walked your mother down the aisle . I do n't know what I 'm gon na do without you , Dad .
Come on , Rog . I probably got the wrong day . Let 's get back for supper .
ADAM : Welcome to my side project . TYKO :
`` Who is this guy ? `` He 's not as tall as Coogan , but he 's better . I like him a lot . ''
Yes , but not in the same way as ... Michael Sheen could n't do what you do . Michael Sheen could n't play Alan Partridge .
Nobody . They 're probably just from my dad . Yeah .
Were n't you ? Do I look scared to you ? Do I ?
What ? Do they move to the Costa del Sol ? Emigrate , migrate , whatever .
`` ' I do not like to have people throw themselves away. `` ' But everybody should marry as soon as they can do it to advantage . ' '' Looking ...
I wanted it to be a surprise , see the smile on your little face . If I 'd known you 'd be banging round in the middle of the night , I 'd have thought twice . - Thanks , mate .
As a rule , it 's more effective if you do n't fluff the line . I 'll deliver it with a nice bit of understatement . Come , come , Mr . Bond , you get just as much pleasure from killing as I do .
I have it on my cornflakes . I 'm Marcus by the way . - Kim .
We were the last people to piss him off . But it does n't justify his suicide . And it does n't justify this revenge .
( murmuring ) But of all Hector 's boys , there is only one who truly took everything to heart , remembers everything he was ever taught . The songs , the poems , the sayings , the endings .
♪ Commit each hair On my head to the sea ♪ ♪ I 'm sorry about your granddad 's jacket . Now we fought in it too .
( Crying ) Fuckin ' hell . You tell me the truth ... - .. and I wo n't hurt you any more .
Look , if you could n't get me , I was ... You know where I am right now ? I 'm in a field .
Explain ? There 's a girl downstairs with a broken neck , and our DNA 's all over her ! Does n't look good .
I 've always liked maps . When we would go on holiday as kids , my dad would plan the route , you know , and show us on the map what the route was , and we 'd all follow it , you know ? It was great .
# L-love , love , love # We had a promise made # We were in love
They just wound me up ! People like me have to duck and die , for these blue-blood types have got it all ! It was just a laugh , you know ?
I 'm not trying to , honestly . - You 're writing like him and all . - No , I 'm not !
Turn it down ! I ca n't find the remote . Oh , for God 's sake .
And what about publishing ? I 'll give you half the publishing straight away , Dixie . OK , it 's very , very simple , Dixie .
Luke , my shoes ! Quickly , before they fall in the mud ! - Oh , my goodness !
Oh c'mon boss , have a bust at this . Email it to me , I 'll watch it later . Ba-Boom !
We 're going to lunch in a minute . You can wash your hands . Who 's ready ?
I had no thoughts at all . Only an overwhelming desire not to feel anything at all ever again . Not to be unhappy any more .
( Engine splutters ) You see , when you die then you come back to life . You know , actually , you 're born again .
Who 's going to win ? ' I would n't like to predict that , Phil . ' What do you want ringing wastefully from Canada ?
I just do n't know what to say . - Well , say what you think . Well , I do n't know .
# The winner takes it all # The winner takes it all # The winner takes it all
Everything 's going to be okay . - And you trust your brother ? - With my life .
Sorry . Mitch , calm down , he 's just being fair to humor . Jump up and down .
Oi ! I was seeing someone before we left , but it ended . - Badly ?
I know . Well , I 'll take over when you 're ... I 'll do plenty of Tom Jones when you 're dead .
She was n't being like anything . It is only open for another half an hour , and that woman , in all fairness , is probably bereaved . Yeah , but why ... it 's not my fault her husband 's dead .
The Scouser said he used a meat delivery van as his cover , so he 'd only drop at suitable places , restaurants or big pubs that serve food . Now , the only place round here that fits this description is the Rise Club . OK , well , the club makes sense as a dropping point , but why would Roper leave his money in there , not in his own office ?
Maybe a third here . - I can get you the rest . - I just need ...
Turn around . Goodbye , ladies , see you tonight ! - Shirley Bunion , is n't it ?
It took them about 30 seconds to find the 200g of heroin I had so cleverly hidden underneath the TV guide on the desk . It took the jury even less time to find me guilty of the charge , as the only evidence to back up my claim that someone had broken into the flat and planted the drugs had been destroyed by the police battering ram .
I have owed to them in times of weariness sensations sweet . You know where that was written ? Tintern Abbey , Wales .
Do n't say anything . Just to hear your voice , your lies , it makes me sick . - Show me how much you love me .
Never ! I was talking to his Uncle Idris by the Pound Shop last Thursday . He 's having terrible problems with his knees .
( Faint breathing sound ) She 's just in her room with her things . It 's hard to know what to say .
I got my family . You 're pointing that gun at it . Get the fuck out of my house .
What about their backup ? We 're going in hard and fast . There wo n't be time for anyone on the outside to get to us .
I refuse to accept that I 'm better than Jack Lemmon , than Peter Sellers , than whoever else the other one was . He could have turned down the award . He could have turned down the Oscar if he refused to accept ...
Now . Look , I 'm not after any trouble , alright ? I think you 're past that .
But I do n't want you to become me . You are much better than that . I thought you were n't gon na take me to football ?
You two can have lots of fun . There will be other people there from the hospital . Dane .
It 's not , it 's good . Is that supposed to be a trick ? Like , you 're some sort of a magician ?
♪ Tainted love ♪ ♪ Now I know I 've got to Run away ♪ ♪ I 've got to Get away ♪
No luck with the bolt cutters ? I thought you were looking . I 'll sort you out first thing .
I 'm sorry , I was under the impression uniform found an elderly gentleman on the tow path . Yes , that 's right , that 's correct , sir . Mr Brown is a close friend of Leonard Attwell , the senior citizen found stabbed in the pedestrian subway .
Come , come , Mr . Bond , you derive just as much ... Sorry , you derive just as much pleasure from killing as I do . Hello ?
Oh , and the money . Actually , Dix , is there like any news on any deals or anything ? Listen , my phone 's been going mental .
We know who you are . Lucky , tell us about your brother . What 's he got to do with this ?
Well , let 's go there and pick them up . I ca n't just leave town tonight . I ca n't do that .
I 've never eaten a shellfish broth before . He mentioned cooking in their own juices . Imagine that , eh ?
He used to carry this silly little duffle bag ... With a pair of boots in it , in case the team where a man down . - Yeah , but what about his shin guards ?
That 's why you do it . I 'm not getting the year back either way . Just trying to paint a better picture .
Do you know the Abba song The Winner Takes It All ? The reason that song has so much pain is because he wrote the words for her to sing about their breakup , but he wrote the lyrics from her point of view . # I apologize
You 're gon na make life very difficult for yourself if you do n't , Harvey . The Rise Club suffered a break-in tonight . We 're gon na have to charge you with breaking and entering , theft , ABH and possibly even worse .
We 're different animals . We could n't play those parts . No , you 're not the same as him .
Yeah , it 's me . Sign me , sign me , sign me ! All right .
Oh , ball-bearings ! Would n't mind being alone with that one in a long , dark railway tunnel . - Can I get my wages , Kath ?
It 's been like the Playboy Mansion in here . - What are your nurses like ? - Fat , foreign and fucking ugly .
But you 're living in a dream world , and I 'm going to my mum 's . Oh , so you 're leaving me as well , are you ? Shell , my father 's dying !
What are you doing here ? Just waiting for my friends . Yeah ?
♪ My love is your love ♪ ♪ My love is yours ♪ ♪ ADAM [ CHANTING ] :
Michael Sheen could n't do what you do . Michael Sheen could n't play Alan Partridge . Michael Sheen could n't play Pauline Calf .
Hang out here a little bit . Call me if you need anything . Okay ?
In the meantime , try and do something ... fitting . - I 'm in a bookshop , sir . - Good , good .
Cheers , Jez . I ca n't see it in here , Dix . Look for the date .
? With a cheer , not a tear Make it gay ... ? Ohhh , go on , then .
I 've just landed , just got back into the county and you want me to do a job with you tomorrow ? It 's not a '' job '' job . Like I say , the guy I do deliveries for owes me a bit of money .
All I want is the chance to wipe the slate clean ... That probably did n't help my case , did it ? - It 's time for you to leave .
Mark my words ! By the time he 's 13 , he 'll be sniffing glue out of a plastic bag ! Thanks , Lilian .
We found your hole and we ... You took the locks off ? - Yeah .
Hey ! I thought I told you to stay here . He 's down there .
Thank you . I always think of Coleridge as sort of a Richard Burton type character . In Xanadu did Kubla Kahn a stately pleasure-dome decree where Alph , the sacred river , ran through caverns measureless to man down to a soundless sea .
Fuck . She could ... s-she could 've cut us free . Tools , weapons .
Just another imposter . ♪ I want you instead ♪ [ CROWD CHEERING ]
If you really want a full picture , we 're gon na be here a while . You have my undivided attention for the rest of the night . [ prison doors clang ]
This is really tasty . So what 's everyone doing when we get back ? Reckon it 's time for the Bluester to move on .
We 'll be fine . You two can have lots of fun . There will be other people there from the hospital .
Walking his dog . I smelt cordite on his coat . Right , look , I 'm sorry , ma'am , but , er ...
It 's too much of a coincidence that Mister Brown just happened to be found so close by . So , what you 're telling me is this escalating violence is down to a vigilante pensioner ? Yes .
I do n't know . Because you wo n't get any better than me . Seriously , the grass may look greener elsewhere .
What 's done is done . In a couple of days , I 'll let Zigic know where he can find his bearer bonds . It 'll all be on Niko Eli , and they 'll be minced meat .
Depressingly so . - Did n't you try for Oxford ? - Cambridge .
How do you mean weird ? They were shouting and filming . Bluey had a camera .
He 's just , er ... He 's just really looking forward to it . - God , I 'm so sorry , Steve .
I 'd like a vodka martini , shaken , but not stirred . I 'd like a vodka martini , shaken , not stirred . Come , come , Mr . Bond ,
Ask what ? If you 'd like to go out with me sometime for something like a coffee or a film ? Sit .
( Harry struggles to breathe ) Are you all right , Harry ? Are you OK , me old mate ?
♪ fades ♪ ♪ And your time ( time ) ♪ ♪ fades ( fades ) away ( away ) ♪ Woo !
Besides , I need someone here to keep an eye on the house for me . Do n't want to keep an eye on the home . Those are ...
My mom always assure that the next move is gon na be the last one . Type of thing ... you know ? She seems nice .
What ? - You 've already had this week 's money . - I do not believe I have had this week 's .
Does this look good ? Like Tom Cruise in Mission : Impossible II .
( all ) Yes , sir . - At school you do n't get parole . Good behaviour just brings a longer sentence .
I 'll call him tomorrow . - Is it really that bad ? - Yes .
It does n't get much better . This is nice , but if I 'm being very honest with you , I 'm looking forward to being home now .
I need a step up first . - You got to get yourself a mortgage . - We do n't want the hassle .
Lilian ! - Your daughter is on the phone . - Mavis ?
See ? It 's not like a tent It is like a yurt . I 'm getting out of these Wellies immediately .
Oh , God . I know something that would cheer you up . You 've got to be bleeding kidding !
ADAM : You want me to take it ? Guys .
That 's better . - I think you must be too hot . - Yeah , it does feel hot .
You 've got crap handwriting . It 's your eyesight that 's bad and we know what causes that . Sir !
Anything coming up ? Yeah , I 've got a TV series in America possibly , so ... - Really ?
♪ As you lie watching your life ♪ ♪ She turns to pass you by ♪ ♪ As time ♪
Why ? Because that 's what he wanted . Said he only took me to get you down here .
Yeah . You 're right up there with Pacino and ... Oh , Christ , I better be careful what I say .
Have you got any ID ? Are you boys all over 18 ? Now are n't ya ?
He was with the Royal Marines , stationed in Northern Ireland . I had the MOD send me his old service record . Terry , give us a minute , please ?
I know I let you down . I should have stepped in when Chris went for you but this ... You could have talked to me .
He would n't have been having a spliff , would he ? No , he would n't , but I mean , if they 'd been around ... He would have definitely partaken if they 'd have been around .
( Hicock clears throat ) If there 's anything you can help us with , Mr Brown , please get in touch . Thank you .
And Twitter it , tell the NME . It 's like when Jagger got broken on a wheel like a butterfly . Listen , I 'll see you down there , yeah ?
No , I 'm fine. `` Mr Rushworth was , from the first , struck with the beauty of Miss Bertram `` and being inclined to marry , soon fancied himself in love .
OK ? Have you got a change of clothes for me for tomorrow ? Well , have n't you ?
Get off ! ♪ Dirty Pink covers all manner of sins ♪ ♪ The jilted brides that blush on cue ♪
I do n't run around and go to parties . I do n't run around and chase girls . You do .
What a way to live . I think I know how he feels . You 'll be all right , Stephen .
Is she OK ? She 's having the time of her life . ( Groans )
What did you want to say , Edward ? What do you want to say ? ( Blows raspberry )
We had it locked . Everybody set to 10 : 23 in ... five , four , three , two , now . - I still think we should 've used mobiles .
If I had gone I 'd probably never have worked out the difference . was very good for history . It 's where I had my first pizza .
Yeah , come on , you got to put it out . You ca n't take that in there . Jesus , Mac , you ca n't nick the BBC sign .
It 's not a fucking game . Now in future , you do as you are fucking told ! Yeah ?
You 've got to try . Do n't you think sometimes we talk about things a bit too much ? Sorry ?
Stare into my eyes . Give in to my eyes . Feel yourself tumbling .
you can make sporrans out of badgers . But if you came back as a person , you get a chance to put it right again . Let me tell you a secret .
She thought you were a fucking idiot . [ Dodd ] It 's come round fast , has n't it ? [ Demps ] The sooner the better .
Do you want to give him ... I like that , I like that . - Shall we give him one here ?
No , no , this is ... something else . Does that mean your lessons will be more like Mr Irwin 's ? - More use , sir ?
You 're not an animal . We ca n't be scared forever . Okay .
We do it now . We call it in after we cross the line . - I just ... you know ...
Yeah , not here . You need to find one , Woods . Today ...
A decent prosecutor will have a lot of questions about the force you used against Roper . But for now I am content to state for the record that I believe self-defence is what your actions constituted . Being that the evidence is painting the picture that we 're currently seeing ,
Thank you . But you never have it quite straight , do you ? No ?
As long as one of you faces him ... Close enough to get his attention , but far enough away to avoid a launch , then you 're in business . And the other two ...
( knocking ) - I went round to your college . - I 'm surprised you 're interested .
I 'm just trying to work it out . Just call me when you 're single . Baby .
The drill is to look at the hand and go , '' And what does Mr Hector want ? '' Well , he has no answer for this and so will desist . Thrutch up .
Our first officer arrived at the scene at 11 : 19 , by which time the altercation between yourself and Mr Roper had taken place . - Now , do you see what I 'm getting at ? - No .
Oh , yeah , I 've still got it . And I hope you 're not expecting me and Chris to do that . We do n't need any of that queer shit .
Well , yes , but ... I want to be in films , good films . Where exactly are you at the moment ?
Do you see happiness ? Do you see a policy of bringing happiness to people ? No .
It 's like the ' 80s all over again , ai n't it ? People are moving away to work . Do n't knock the ' 80s , Dad .
Look , my head 's all over the place at the moment , all right ? Sebastian , get out of the car . No .
Oh , you take care of that ? Whilst we 're crowd control , you go and get the money ? There 's one way in and one way out .
Actually , Sack got the governor to subsidize part of the project . And now it 's the state 's only self-sustaining scallop farm . Say that five times fast .
Do ... Do you have some sort of proof or some sort of evidence that ... I just know she 's there .
Detective , I 'm not gon na argue with you . I 've got no reason to lie about eating my sandwich at Memorial Park , whether I show up there at 3 : 00 or 12 : 00 or park my truck a foot away from where it was the day before . Please , believe me .
Do you have some sort of proof or some sort of evidence that ... I just know she 's there . Okay , it 's ... it 's Oarter , right ?
That 's what I really wanted . [ MUSIC ENDS AND PEOPLE CLAPPING ] So how long have you and the secretary been married ?
A-Are you seeing anybody , Frankie ? No , I 'm currently not in a relationship . Well , uh ...
Oh , my God . It really bothers you , does n't it ? Yeah .
I want you to be really nice to anybody that you think is suspicious . Just see how that goes . Okay .
Why do n't you say it a little louder ? I do n't think the priest heard you . Look , John , I 'm sorry I 'm not sorry , okay ?
[ SINGING '' HAVA NAGILA '' ] Does anyone know what this here is used for ? - Rolling a fatty .
He needs qualified , responsible caregivers . He needs people who love him . Love ?
[ CLINKING ON GLASS ] Let us bow our heads in prayer . Heavenly Father we thank you for thy bounty on this table and ask that you bless the entire Cleary family and all the friends here assembled .
I am ... Well , it does , it sounds very nice . And I 'm flattered that you would think of me to include me in something like that .
Got the downloads from Dillon 's hard drive . It 's as bad as they say it is ? Yeah , it 's worse .
And everything else ? Well , we 're gon na do in vitro this week . - That 's great .
Oh . We 're gon na be all right . Hey .
Okay . And the ... the videos are , uh ... They 're not accessible .
We got ta get on . - Why not just feed me to the lions ? - What ?
I had nothing to do with my daughter 's disappearance . Then why do n't you take me through when you noticed when she first was missing ? L ...
Then we were pretending that one of the other clans was discovering us . We had to run and hide . 'Cause it 'll be dangerous if one of the other clans discovered another clan .
Jody crossed my last nerve . I ca n't put up with it no more . - You know what I 'm saying ?
Out on the street , I tell the hos the truth . I lie to you because I care . It 's obvious you ca n't handle the truth .
You got an Oedipus complex . Your mama ai n't your woman . But this is my woman .
I just- - I have to get to the nursing home to bathe Mr. Peterson by 6 : 00 . I 'm Debbie Spangler .
Your girl tells you what to do ? I told you it was a trick . Hood rat .
I should 've been a better parent . Yeah , I mean , everybody feels that way . It 's ... it 's normal .
What ? And arrangements will be made , of course for your daughter . Uh , responsibilities that have to be shared .
No , she 's a nice person . Kinda unstable but you know . Jeez , you know , what could I do ?
I 'm just trying to take care of you . Seems like you already done that . Leave me alone , Jody .
Yeah . But I prayed about it ... and , um I really enjoyed myself ... in the mountains with you .
Look at me . You have got to think of her as a woman . What if someone did all the shit you do to Yvette to me ?
You sound like a girl . I do n't know what you 're talking about . Listen , go for a run .
You hungry ? You know about that music , youngster ? That 's grown folks ' music .
Mm-hmm . And then , Lilly 's mom gave us fresh roadkill , which was muffins . What 's fresh ... of what ?
Well , I was thinking , Mildred maybe we could go to a movie . I 'm sorry , um , but are you , like , wanting more ? 'Cause I don't-
Little Jody ? '' Know what I see when I look in your eyes ? A scared little bitch .
He a killer , and you got him in the kitchen scrambling eggs and drinking the Kool-Aid ? He was making me breakfast ! All right .
[ Adam struggling to speak ] Help me , Davey . [ Davey crying ] I 'm trying . [ sirens blare ] [ Davey cries out hysterically ] Help !
Come out to New Mexico . I just hate to leave you in this neighborhood , alone . Okay , thank you .
Crew prank right ? Trying to punish me by giving me '' It 's a wonderful life '' . Complete with that corny modern really really photogenic family .
But then the Ye Olde Hot Chocolate Shop wanted the cover ! So now they 're in a bidding war ! Oh .
[ other Pueblo woman ] How 's your papa ? I heard he was sick . It 's pretty rough .
[ whispers ] Go to sleep . [ girl ] How long will you be in New Mexico ? Maybe like a week or so .
You ... told me your father is in India . But that 's not what your aunt told my mother . You really think you 're the only one with all the problems ?
[ Martin sighs ] So that 's how it was ... I tried to help but ... I could n't .
Thank you . - You know what I really like ? What 's that ?
I ca n't believe I 'm about to say this but , that was just a dream . Well let 's get you up . Come on .
[ Walter ] Jason ... You take care of a car , it 'll last for a long time . Like this little beauty .
Am I the only one that could hear that ? Look you asked me to come down to see you . So I came down .
Unless . Wait she said everything I need is right here . That 's what she meant .
Ortiz ? Does he to the high school ? Not anymore .
It 's just not the same here anymore . You all ... must have noticed it yourselves . This town use to be a place for neighborly folk .
You say that every night honey and , it never does . Get under these ... arms right there . [ Laughing ]
Okay , thank you . We do n't want you to worry about money . We 're in a position to help .
No . That 's just life doing that . It 's a figure of speech Meg .
Why did n't you say anything ? Why did n't you tell me your father was sick ? I guess I 'm just a private person .
Would n't miss it . Do n't forget the potluck Friday night Meg . I 'm make snicker doodles .
Or you can just open one right here in Los Alamos . There 's no boardwalk in Los Alamos . [ ferociously scrubs dishes ]
Daddy 's on a business trip and he wo n't be home . Actually I think he will . [ Gasp ]
[ speaking Spanish ] `` Life is a good adventure . '' Now , it 's time for my next adventure .
[ quenched ] You 're thirsty ... You came into the canyon with no water ? - I forgot it .
Hey . I know you 're up there all alone . It 's scary .
( IN ENGLISH ) - It is getting a little hot in here . ( WOMEN WHOOPING )
You did n't save me . You told me to keep running . Why did n't you catch me ?
Daddy ? Can you give us some alone time ? I could go to the bathroom outside .
JEN : Lauren , you looked so hot in this dress , I had to buy it for you . And by '' buy , '' I mean '' steal . ''
Like the kind with a pole outside ? He cut our grandfather 's hair . He cuts my dad 's hair .
Do n't you guys have anything better to do than look at people looking at each other ? Besides , what am I supposed to do ? Change our whole lives just because I 'm in love with her ?
Oh , my God . Wait until I tell the boys . Wait till I tell the girls !
Spank him ! - Rocky Road and mint chocolate chip ! BRENDAN :
Doc Perkins ' preliminary finding showed no sign of foul play . Drug overdose is most likely the ... Cause of death .
Not all night . - Jesse , I have seen the pictures . His face .
Headline it something like , `` Boston College Student Found Dead of Drug Overdose on Beach Road . '' But she here .
What did Valery do here , Lewis ? He was only an orderly , so that could hardly reflect on Tranquility 's mission of providing care and nurturing to our guests who have entrusted us with their destiny . When was he fired ?
That 's between the patient and her doctor . And her doctor would be ? Her doctor would be me .
In what way was n't he good ? Where his penis led , he followed . I enjoyed our dance .
How generous . So you 're armed at a funeral ? You can assume I 'm ...
How do you know ? 'Cause I know a lot about addiction . You 're not a candidate for pills .
Well , I do n't want to meddle in police business . See you at dinner , William . ( door opens )
Why ca n't I kill you ? The hotel has your name . Actually , I registered under an assumed name .
Then , you 're not drinking a lot . - I 'm having two drinks at night . You 're having two drinks at night alone .
Actually , he was a sociopath . Well , he 's a dead sociopath . Some say he was hit by that car intentionally .
He 's always been good that way . In what way was n't he good ? Where his penis led , he followed .
We 've never had a patient named Val . How would you know that , Lewis ? Well , it 's not a common name , sir .
I 'm the choreographer . I do n't know if I ... If I know all of you , but I 'm Justin Peck .
That 's good . Eric , we can do the ground row . Did you give spots their colors ?
Harriet and Marc ? So you want to see his body more ? I also feel like , when I see him from far away ,
Not now . I think both of them have to go towards soft just a little more . That 's it .
Tiler 's solo at the end of the first movement . I felt like the backdrop and her costume were identical . So I want to play a little more with that .
I know , you remember , you told me to do that , but ... I think I just need some to get going . - Because I can do the rest .
If I 'm too ... - Yeah , if I 'm too close ... - Let 's try that .
Tempos were great and everything . So , I 'm really looking forward to this premiere and everything . So merde .
Is that better ? Let 's do a normal soutenu . That was good .
I liked it better than the first time . No , I really did like it . Actually , it just becomes better and better .
That 'd be good . You want anything other than 51 and 55 ? Not now .
Okay . As far as the pointe shoes go , would you want them to , like , pancake nude , or do you want to keep , like , City Ballet ... - Well , it 's up to you .
Yup . If I do n't have their marks slightly right , can that be adjusted ? Like , I 'm worried that they 're gon na end up a little ...
We 'll have to work around that . Okay , have you reached the sidewalk yet ? No , I 'm still standing in the room .
John called me last night , talking crazy ... paranoia , hallucinations , the whole monsters-in-his-apartment bit . Said he could n't remember how he got where he was like that . Did he say what he was on ?
And it came from where , exactly ? This is an experimental Cold War weapon designed to take down a city the size of Moscow . Contained within this detonator is a block of C-4 explosive , surrounded by a highly-potent military-grade hallucinogen .
Sounds like you and I both got long stories to tell . I 've been up 48 hours straight and this case - ai n't getting no clearer .
All of the human minds who have ever lived in history , all of your thinkers and writers and teachers and philosophers could not equal even one node of Korrok 's neural web . Our legions are ready for the call . - And soon all of your turmoil and unrest and confusion will vanish under the soft hand of Korrok .
Not big black cocks , so we do n't have that in common . Get the fuck out of my head ! David Wong , son of an insane prostitute and a mentally-challenged Amway salesman .
I 've got to go find him . Man , my uncle lost a foot in his riding mower . Says you can still feel it .
If you scream , you 're dead . Now , very slowly , turn around . There !
That 's a drug , right ? - Oh , I 'll get to that . - It makes you smarter when you take it .
Ooh , you sure about that ? You sure you did n't go over to the One Ball Inn ? You know , on Grand Avenue ?
We have a deal ? So we meet again , Marconi . You thought ...
I 'll call you . I 'm here if you need me . Okay ?
Everybody gets hurt and violated and broken sometimes . Why are women so special ? Not that anybody ever ought to be raped or abused .
Save you . You do n't know what I 've done . Do you want me to start it for you ?
So I want to hold off on things like names or numbers and just try to be honest with you about what my concerns are , 'cause I care about you a great deal . I 'm not explaining this well . I 'm not getting through .
Here we go ! '' But if you could ask her if she could go into her head and , and forget it or , like , erase the tape of it happening in her memory , what do you think she 'd say ? Are you so sure what she 'd say ?
What ? Yeah , that 's what the bags are for . I 'm leaving .
Okay , and you got all this from a kid 's show ? But it 's television , for God 's sake . You know ?
On one hand , get liberated . On the other hand , make sure you find a husband . Who would n't be nuts with that mess laid on them all the time in today 's media culture ?
Hence , the timeless importance of passion . Women want to be both irresponsible and passionate . No .
Can you promise ? Maybe we should talk later . I 've got a rehearsal for this thing , and think I have a break for a couple hours if you wanted to ... you know what ?
I mean , can you see how I could not just let her go after this ? I just , I grabbed onto her skirt and I begged her not to leave . And then I watched her gently close the door and walk off barefoot down the hall and never seeing her again .
So now you 're getting into your critical type stage , right , where I actually show them the arm . Every time , sooner or later , within inside , like , five minutes of the thing , they up and they start crying . Right .
Yes , receiver . I would like to see this morning 's release . Thank you for your instructions .
Set up a communication with the receiver of memory . We 're not permitted to see into the receiver 's residence . We can only transmit .
Prick your finger and put a little blood on this apple . When you leave in the morning , put the apple over the sensor . I 've been doing it for a month and it worked every single time .
I do n't feel right , Jonas . I need to go and get my injection . I need to go to work .
There has to be a way to show them . To give them the memory so they can understand . Yes .
I could not be more precise . Do you know what that 's like ? To love someone ?
What ? I know that there 's something more . - Fiona ...
This is the only way . This is the only way to make everything okay . I ca n't go .
Are n't we graduates now ? You do this every time . Come on .
And the elder says , '' sir , I know you 're old , `` but that 's no excuse for being prideful . '' And then the old man says ,
Things nobody else did . But I had learned that knowing what something is is not the same as knowing how something feels . You could be the very best .
He told me I can draw strength from the memories . I knew , by giving them to Gabe , i could protect him . Prick your finger and put a little blood on this apple .
But ... but it 's an impossible experiment . Even I tried to share the memories back when I was in training . If you remember .
CEREMONY OF THE NINES Reaching their half-way mark towards graduation our nines today receive a symbol of their developing independence and responsibility . Celebrating the graduates , who today will be assigned their positions in our community .
Yeah . Ca n't wait to hear every single detail . Five , you may lie .
Thank you . Or maybe we should just realize that what we 've had these past few weeks has been perfect . And maybe it wo n't get any better than this .
I must say your house looks idyllic. `` Just what I need . '' Really ? What does your place look like ?
Bravo ! Here we go , back the other way . - You okay ?
`` We switch houses , cars , everything . I have n't done it before , but friends have . '' Where are you ?
Hello . I came here because I had to see you . Had to .
Miles . You really are an incredibly decent man . I know .
Attention passengers , this is the final boarding call for British Airways flight 42 . Amanda was n't looking for love but that does n't mean it did n't find her . Well , ma'am , you 're good to go .
Let 's say we just make this happen . We commit to flying back and forth as much as we can . Yes !
I know you 're gon na look hot in it . Well , let 's hope you find it , then . Not exactly something hot but happy Christmas .
Okay , let me translate that . So you are still engaged to be married . - Yes , but , I mean ...
I 'm an only child , and I ... I did n't see it coming . You know , we were really close .
Give us a kiss . Come and tell me all about your Christmas presents . Go sit with Miles .
My parents broke up when I was 15 . I 'm an only child , and I ... I did n't see it coming .
No no , there ai n't no problem , man . Ai n't no problem I ca n't fix . - Caz .
What happened ? - He came in and put candy in his pocket . That 's a damn lie .
Just take him upstairs . Take him upstairs for five minutes . Just give us five minutes .
How are you ? Yeah , I 'm aware that the deadline is tomorrow . I 'm well aware of that .
Is it possible that Officer Quinlan was overzealous in apprehending a known drug suspect ? And said drug suspect 's fear of a felony charge led him to resist arrest . Officer Quinlan should n't have been there .
And I said , '' Your Honor , look . I 'm in a bar , I 'm having a drink , right ? These two fucking guys come in , they assaulted me .
I do n't mean to be negative , but ... You do n't mean to be negative , but , you know ... pop ! No , it 's ... it 's gon na be all right , okay ?
How can I be ? I did n't ask and you did n't lie . I wanted meaningless sex and I got it .
And that 's what you 're thinking about right now ? No , I 'm thinking of all kinds of stuff right now . I 'm thinking of memories and feelings and ...
for a physical or something . I have never had any complaints about how rapidly I undress . Most guys like naked me .
Mm-hmm . Desperate times call for desperate measures . Go get them , tiger , you got this -- mwah .
Aw , I wish I could say the same . Hmm , sounded like you had a pretty good time last night . You know what ?
Yeah , yeah , yeah . I 'm good buddies with Cedric . We 're going to get more booze .
I 'm giving you the silent treatment too . I just did n't know if you could tell and I wanted you to know . ( Water splashing )
Apparently there 's this huge fucking blizzard . You know , I always wondered what it would be like to be the other girl . It feels better .
I did n't know what to do . So I gave her her wallet back at lunch and then the next day she left for tour . Tour ?
Dropped the word '' ambition '' a few times . Ooh , yeah , I 've had that word thrown at me a few times too . Believe it or not .
Hello ? I 'm just going to put this out here , but you 're kind of a fucking terrible conversationalist . I do n't know if -- if ever --
And like really hit it , but ... I thought I was doing something like that . It 's not ...
Depends what it is . I have a grandson , and he loves that tiny man ... Small man in a box ?
I wrote it before I left . I got my mum to send it , as an alibi . E-Eleanor was right .
Yeah , yeah . No , he 's gone , he 's gone . - ' Sake .
You ca n't account for issues like the weather or nerves or human error . If the tiniest element misaligns , the rest will follow . Come on , come on , come on .
Yeah , okey-dokey . Keep to the left of the centre . Enrahah .
Then collect up their car keys and their mobile phones . There 's a lock box on the workbench . Chris ...
Are you serious ? I 'd never be unfaithful to you . You 've got 30 seconds , Dix .
You went on the website ? I gave you the website address . Let 's pretend I did n't .
You said the nails will keep it closed . You said no one can come forward . Julie ...
Did Jesus say , '' Can I be excused the Crucifixion ? '' No . Actually , sir , I think he did . Change !
Listen , loved that gig . Little bit violent , but enjoyed it . Look , I do n't know what you 're doing Saturday , but Mike The Mechanics have dropped out .
Yeah , and I 'd rather you did n't explain . I 'd rather look at it and appreciate it . You 're just annoyed because you do n't know about ...
This is Langdale . You know what that means ? It means '' long valley '' in Viking .
Please , darling ! Because I came in there last time , dearest . - You did n't come over here last time .
Why did n't you tell me ? Because you would have tried to stop me . I 've spent the last year of my life and everything I have planning this .
Every week I ask you , '' Please wear appropriate footwear . '' And every week you insist on wearing those stupid boots . - Yeah , sorry about that .
Alan Partridge . Very much alive compared with our good departed friend Rob Brydon . Rob was an interesting guy , very funny , very entertaining , and yet , at the same time , there was something ...
It 's a lovely name , Helen . - Is there a Nathan in the family ? - No .
better not come yet . How about my boy here gets involved ? Oi , mate .
His father is not a very nice person . We probably got married too young ! And I stayed probably too long ...
She 's gone . The thing is , we 're starting with criminal justice . - Is that your first exam ?
Now , you could go running down the corridor screaming for a blue light , bring me in so we can talk more about charges and evidence , but what 's the point in doing that when you can sit down , listen and not have to break a sweat ? Go on , sit down .
But I guess there comes a point in every mans life ... When he has to stop pretending he 's something he 's not . I 'll get my revenge for Mickey .
I thought ... These guys have come from America , man . Where is he ?
# Re , mi , fa , sol , la , ti , do # # Re , mi , fa , sol , la , ti , do # # Re , mi , fa , sol #
I think you have . And we 're not in the subjunctive any more , either . It 's going to happen .
He too was questioned by myself and Hicock and then released . Did you know that Troy Martindale was shot in his car last night ? Martindale was a major heroin importer .
You 're toast , boy . Oh , yeah is the 10 : 48 Southern service to West Croydon , calling at Balham , Streatham Hill , West Norwood , Gipsy Hill , Crystal Palace ...
They were red . So I took it out and I said , '' Excuse my intrusion , Miss , `` but I think you might have dropped this . ''
What women know or do n't know has always been a mystery to me . And are you going to tell her ? I do n't know .
Okay , so I really do need to tell you something . You 're not a natural blonde . I 'm actually with someone .
We-we could have fought . We could have run away . You ca n't run anywhere , babe .
It 's all rather silly . Because he does n't really exist . - Now I 'm intrigued .
Why are n't you wearing any jewellery ? - Oh , it 's that kind of day . So , you doing anything tonight ?
Not yet . But it 's still early doors . - Go on , mate .
Listen , you guys . It 's getting late , so do n't stay down here much longer . Alright !
Felix was flawed ... crippled , even . But we came from the same line . We were forged in the same fire .
You 're almost there . I need you to be strong . Can I count on you , Luke ?
The backpack makes it harder . I sometimes get , like , a fluttery heart , like , an arrhythmic heartbeat , and I 've got it now . I get it when I 'm stressed .
Come on , sleepyhead . Do you need one of these ? Do you need one of these ?
♪ And I feel now your yearning ♪ ♪ For the black sun ♪ ♪ Oh , I feel that you 're yearning ♪
Yeah . I think it almost is more beautiful in the mist . It 's like a ...
Five ? - How much is an octave ? All right , two .
I know what you 've got . You 've got a gateway to hell underneath your house . And that is really cool .
We do not hurt our friends . You come and sit over here . Get on with your work .
Oh , we need to tie him up . - It 's all right , I 'll go after him in a minute . It 's supper soon , Frank !
Of course , you 'd have known all this if you 'd been at the briefing . He was with the Royal Marines , stationed in Northern Ireland . I had the MOD send me his old service record .
This is Nicola . Are you telling me you can just walk away without a word ? [ Harvey ] I do n't have a choice .
Do ... # Do , re , mi , fa , sol , la , ti , do # # Do , re , mi , fa , sol , la , ti #
Come on , what 's wrong ? You told me to go away . I 'm sorry .
God knows why you 've learned Brief Encounter . I think you ought to know this lesson 's been a complete waste of time . A bit like Mr Hector 's lessons then , sir .
It 's the hot ticket , standing room only . - Where did you go , sir ? - I went to Sheffield .
When you 're ready . I 'll go '' One , two , three . '' Okay .
I 'll stick it up your fucking arsehole and rip your fucking hair out , and you 'll fucking love every fucking minute of it ! You 're the type , I can tell . Noel , I think you think you 're taking control of this situation .
Yeah . Think I 'm a little old to play him , but I 'd like to . Are you sad not to be in the picture ?
His brother 's gone crazy . We need to call the police . Got no oxygen going to his brain , see ... 'cause of the rope .
When they find the body , what then ? - They 're not going to find the body . The decision 's been made .
I mean , you 're his friends , right ? Yes , we are his very , very , very good friends , are n't we ? Good old Mr. Felix .
Well done , Posner . And now for some poetry of a more traditional sort . Oh , God !
`` ' seen the right person . ' `` Dr Grant laughingly congratulated Miss Crawford `` on feeling no disinclination to the state herself .
He might even give you a lift . It 's not a loft , is it , sir ? Do you exist on an unhealthy diet of takeaways or do you whisk up gourmet meals for one ?
Baby , where are you gon na be ? Kasabian are about to play the main stage . So why are you walking towards it ?
Fucking paranoid . We need to get some food inside us , before any more accidents happen . Right , then .
Yes , thank you . We 'll be celebrating later right , Gemma ? Oh , Jesus Christ .
Yeah , give him a beer . He does n't have beer over here . Nah , you know I do n't drink beer mate .
That 's right . And I was thinking , how could I help Tim to get to know you a bit better ? I was thinking , because you 've done some very good learning this year ...
Change ! One day it will save your life . Nothing saves anyone 's life , sir .
She was very good at that as well . She helped me write my funny lines . I met her at Euston Station .
I 'm finding it hard to read . I think the bulb must have gone on the glass . Well , let me have a look .
Yeah , and you 'll always imagine , because it 's not a problem you 'll ever have to contend with . But that 's not a problem for me , why ? I 'd rather be me than you , because I 'd rather have these moments of genius than a lifetime of mediocrity .
My sister ... - I need to call my sister . - OK .
Now ! If you do n't get on this boat , I 'm going to shoot that thing from under you . - Marcus , put it down .
Can I have a word please , mate ? I heard that you were though . I want to have a little chat .
Mel Gibson coming over the hill . I would just love to do a costume drama in these hills , just leaping , vaulting over dry stone walls with a scabbard . This , like , dead look in my eyes'cause I 've seen so many horrors that I 'm just immune to it .
She must have said why . - I do n't know why you 're so upset . It 's me who 'll cop for the extra work .
My Goodness ! Couple of days in a small town and look how polite you are ? I heard something .
Well , I 'm really sorry . Perhaps you could come back tomorrow . - I ca n't come back tomorrow .
Yeah , but the coach will be back soon after , always before midnight . Never before 11 , closer to half past . Gives us a window .
There 's hundreds of them . Just look for one with , well , a new padlock . Look , we 'll just tell Zigic we know who did the robbery , round up the boys , find Raphael and sort it .
No . We get those bonds back , silence the brothers , my uncle will reward us . And I 'm a step closer to running the family business .
Okay look , try them on . Look , they 're just like mile-boots ... Beautiful .
Yeah , for the photos for the article . We talked about it in the office , remember ? Yeah , it 's on my itinerary .
Yeah . We were wondering if you fancied a poker night one night ? Is this what I 'm paying you for ?
Always . - I do n't deserve love from you . ( Snap )
Does that make me a man without honour ? We 're getting your money back , Mr Zigic , you have our word . If you do n't ,
Olivia Newton-John 's version of Xanadu . I think both Newton-John and Coleridge tackled the subject of Xanadu with varying degrees of success . They call it Xanadu .
You were n't the fucking guvnor at City last week . Hey , take your mind back to West Ham away . I saved your fucking life , as usual .
How faith never forgets . One of us wo n't be going home tomorrow . You and I both know that .
He 's a big boy . Did n't do anything he did n't want to . Shut up .
Ha-ha-ha . ♪ I went and got lost ♪ ♪ Always the back end Of this pantomime horse ♪
I like it . Oh , my God , this is happening . ADAM :
Yeah . I 'd have to me more , like ... I 'd like to play ...
And if Scots Lady does n't sign them , the Monkey man ... Northern Monkey will sign them , whose name I can never ... Burnsy ...
I 'm good at what I do . I 'm with a beautiful girl . So what do you do ?
He sits there doing fuck all , while we 're out and about ... Ty not to let everyone hear ! Once we do Raphael 's job and give my uncle a slice of the take , then he 'll see that I have earned my place .
Do n't want your money . - Work out another line of credit , though . - Please , Roper , just take that money .
Petit four . Why are they called petit fours ? Little oven .
CHORUS : ♪ You make me feel real ♪ ♪ Kissing with a girl He 'd never met before ♪ ♪
Mark speaks in his '' sleep . '' He speaks in his '' sleep '' ? He sleep ...
We did n't go to university , Steve . You asked me to marry you . We had a baby .
Brilliant , Dix . Do you remember that band , the Four Year Old Virgin ? You know from Llanelli .
♪ So show me the light ♪ Shall we go on that ? ♪ Soon it will be snowing ♪
Bluey ! Show him what he 's missing . Come on , give us a kiss , huh ?
Maybe we should think of something else for a little while ? You can go swiming at my place . C'mon get in Lucas .
( wails ) You twerp ! Anyway , what Felix wanted to tell me is that when I finish next year , he 's hoping he can persuade you to step into my shoes . ( sighs ) Irwin .
No , what it is , right , because I 'm Welsh , it 's like a foreign country , like where you 'd have come from . You fucking think I stupid ? You 're from the Wales , you 're not foreign .
( Sound of unzipping ) Did you see '' Top of the Pops '' last night ? No , I do n't watch it .
No one sold me out - You really believe it was coincidence ? Yeah .
He died in that bed . If you see anything supernatural , do you think you can inform me ? Do you think you can bugger off ?
and beat the crap outta us . He 's been in there since Lucas was little , so ... All we know is that everytime we get a letter from prison then ... it means we 're moving again .
Stop looking at that and play . Or go home and jump in your hole . Or you 're scared you are going to lose .
hey , hey ... Okay I know he did not learn that on Sponge Bob . And Dane is not going today because his registration is next week .
I do n't know ... gone a little nuts ! We 'll hear him screaming from next door . And then one day he disappeared and moved out here .
Sean ? W ... will you come downstairs please ? - Wish I could fucking find it .
Why would Artists Liaisons have cutters ? Thank you , T in the Park ! [ CROWD CHEERS ]
Not since you walked . Stay here , I 'll be back . Fat boy !
He 's there up there . You want to know my brother ? Dane like it better in Brooklyn .
I 've been up since 3 this morning . This is going to be weird . What , four in a bed ?
We just meant to shit him up . It was n't me that stabbed him . Who did ?
You promised ! ... a bag full of drugs two lovely ladies ... - That 's enough !
It 's supper soon , Frank ! I think you 'd make a great dad . The train now arriving at platform two is the delayed 10 : 53 Southern service to ...
Not that I 'm aware of . - A nickname is an achievement . Both in the sense of something won and also in its armorial sense .
Wow . And possibly his bedroom as well . Hey .
I 'm sorry , I did n't know who else to say . Well , she does n't know , Justin . She 's saying it because she 's scared .
I 'm ... I 'm scared all the time . They pushed dog shit through my letter box .
Fuck ! Let 's see how you like it . No !
No ! Actually I was born in Queens . And the ... we moved to Philly ( Philadelphia ) , Boston ,
Try and be careful ! Can I have my room back now Arnold 's dead ? No .
It 's a lovely thought , is n't it ? Being cooked in your own juice . I 'll be honest ,
Oh , Dakin . - Think of it as a gesture , sir . But I 'm not leaving .
But it 's very hard because you wo n't talk at all , so it always looks like I 'm talking too much . Jesus , Stephen , ca n't you see this ? Yeah .
If I can avoid it . I mean , you seem to know each other quite well . It 's all right , but the relationship 's purely platonic .
No ? We 've got to straighten you out a bit in general . Oh , yes .
J.J. : Only one thing for it ! ADAM TYKO :
Flash Gordon . ( Eddie ) He was in a war . What about the others ?
No , I do n't think so . I 'm going to ask you one more time . Please give me the keys to my car .
It 's too fucking brief . I was looking for something more ... lingering .
It 's like ... I ca n't believe it 's happening . Well , Steve , guess what .
To where ? I do n't know I mean . It 's got to have a bottom right ?
# We 'd roll and fall in green # You had a temper like my jealousy # Too hard , too greedy #
I 've secured the gun . Just get an ambulance here , will you ? Big tough guy like you ...
The walking dead ? Your time is long gone , old man . Sit down ...
I said , '' Why do n't you go and talk to the police ? '' - That was the right thing to do . - Oh , was it ?
Oh , fucking hell . .. if you ever want to walk again . ( Spits ) Fuck off !
Whoa ! You 've got stuck halfway towards your destination ! You 're stuck in a metaphor !
Ma'am , can I ask you a question , and you can tell me to mind me own business , but erm ... I heard that you requested to be transferred here . Cos most of the DI 's would give their right arm to be in fraud or a cushy number like that , do you know what I mean ?
The train now arriving at platform two is the delayed 10 : 53 Southern service to ... This train is the service from Sutton . - Excuse me ...
Dixie . He 'll be out in two minutes . Seriously .
If musicians ca n't get along , what hope we got ? What hope the planet got ? BOBBY :
TYKO : I ca n't leave him on his own . ♪ Have twenty '' one mores '' Oh , it does not relent ♪
What 's patter ? - She was very good at that as well . She helped me write my funny lines .
Yes . # I played all my cards # Now it 's hurting me , and now I 'm going to kill some Jews under the floor .
Hiya . - Can you take me to Emily 's party ? - A party ?
Hitler . Two world wars and one ... Shut the fuck up , Kenneth .
'Marty , I 'll be very sad to see you go . 'You 've really made a difference in my life . 'Just knowing I 'm going to be around to see 1985 , 'that I 'm going to succeed in this and travel through time !
In the 7th match , Fischer opened with what 's called a Pirc defence , he 'd never used it before . Black concedes the centre of the board in expectations of a play . Spassky was a rook to knight up when ...
Manchester longs to have you . You can walk into Leeds ! But I 'm the fellow of Magdalene College ,
Do it ! Justin , I do n't know what it is you think we 've done but really , you 've got this wrong , all wrong . We have n't done anything .
( Shouting continues ) ( Youth ) Right , kill him , man . ( Youth ) Kill that pensioner , blood .
Mm . To begin with , we have a nice little appetizer . We 've got the liqueur out of the mallow leaves topped with a fizz which is made out of ginger beer with whiskey as well as chili .
Eh ... - Your father used to say ... - My father ?
The monks were farmers , clothiers , tanners , tailors ... - ( Akhtar ) This was a toilet ? - ( Irwin ) One of them .
That 's it . That is easier if people are dead . No one gets killed .
( Snap ) 'What I deserve is these crippled legs . And reflect on what I 've done ... '
Beautiful . So , are you going to get another bike ? Oh , no , I could n't replace my old lovely .
Come and sit next to me , pal . Pretty face like yours , 12 months inside , oh , it must hurt to sit . Already had this one from Dempsey .
I 've stopped . - Now you tell me why I 've stopped . - Got a headache ?
A saddish life , though not unappreciated. `` Uncoffined '' is a typical Hardy usage . It 's a compound adjective , formed by putting '' un '' in front of the noun .
He 'll make us go to bed . I want to stay up and play . Julie .
[ Kendon ] DI West , can I have a quick word ? [ West ] Right , for the benefit of the tape , Sergeant Kendon has just entered the room . I am pausing the interview at 1 : 30 hours .
Who cares ? We 've got a beautiful boat ... - You promised !
Any last requests , grandad ? Why the fuck are you looking at me like ? That necklace .
Hector would say it 's the only education worth having . I just wish there were marks for it . Mr Crowther , now , one of your interests is the theatre .
Listen , Tintin , focus , okay ? We do n't even want you on our stage . But we have to play well or we 're not getting invited back .
My age , I suppose . A saddish life , though not unappreciated. `` Uncoffined '' is a typical Hardy usage .
He 's an army man . Loyalty means a lot to him . Excuse me , Luke , in case you had n't noticed , he 's demented !
Yeah . He says ... and I learned this , right ? I refuse to accept that I 'm better than Jack Lemmon , than Peter Sellers , than whoever else the other one was .
I got you a little bottle of bubbly . - Oh , thank you very much . It 's lovely .
I do n't have that kind of cash . There 's no one else I can ask . Now , look , you 're gon na have to disappear .
Fuck ! Ca n't we just wait till he gets here ? He 'll just hand them over , huh ?
Hike ! One Mississippi , two Mississippi , three Mississippi . CLAIRE :
Sorry about that . It always happens around attractive women . This is my brother .
Still getting your weekly tests , right ? Good , ' cause your parents are n't backing down . They want him , and they 're gon na say that you 're not fit to care for him .
That 's insane ! We 're finally gon na get this guy ! I ca n't believe this .
Time to party ! Come on , get a picture , get a picture , get a picture . Hot .
Shlomo had a scuba-diving accident . Yeah , he came up too fast and the oxygen deprivation ... Poor guy .
Listen ... let 's get together soon . I wish that I could know the difference Between your smiles and your frowns
Kindly leave . - It 'd mean a lot to me if you came . - Oh , I bet it would , hillbilly .
I think I ... pushed him away , like I do with everyone at my job . I 'm the only black person working on this show , and I just ... I get so angry .
Why do n't you just kiss my left nut ? - I told you this was a bad idea . JEREMY :
He 's not lighting the pilot light today . He did n't clean the gutters out last spring . He did n't flip the breakers in the fuse box when they popped the winter before last , and he did not drive you to the hospital .
Well , it 's a little cheesy , but I like it . I saw it on a bumper sticker . [ CHUCKLES ]
Today they began retracing all of the steps of their initial evidence gathering . As you can see , they 're taking what appears to be the family computer . Officials are not speaking to us about this latest development , but obviously they think there might be some information that could help them in figuring out what happened to little Ohristie Dillon .
It 's not realistic , it 's crazy . Do n't do this for the other person . - Say yes to yourself and your future .
No , you 're really sweet . I 've got the perfect girl for you . Janice , I apologize to you if I do n't seem real eager to jump into a forced , awkward intimate situation that people like to call dating .
They would have great tempura . We do n't even have a back-story , I just ... - No , forget it , forget it .
Oh , you should talk to him more often . I spoke to him yesterday . I think he might be coming home for Ohristmas this year .
What are you doing ? What you people should have done a long time ago . He did something with her .
As you all know , Craig and Christina are quite the sailing enthusiasts . In that light , they have elected to exchange vows which they themselves have written . The ring .
I love this dress . Did you see the adorable little shoes that go with it ? - No .
Can we get some meatloaf ? Chazz , I think I 'm okay . I had a bite right before I came over .
Now , this is what you call a real lead on a real suspect . You 're gon na have to bring him back in again . Today .
Come on , Pepe , how many fingers I got up ? Oh , come on , I got four . Okay , here 's five .
I , um ... I think I hit something over here ! ... Found her bed empty and the screen on her window removed .
In my bed ! Do n't you yell at me . You 've never spoken to me like this .
I like your hands on my flesh . I like that you have calluses on the palms of your hands . So that it 's rough when you touch the inside of my thighs .
Made her feel good . Now I got myself a regular customer . What the hell is he looking at ?
And -- and -- and I know she wants to because she texted me . I can take her this weekend . Well , ca n't she -- ca n't she spend the night at Molly 's another time ?
You pop it in the dryer and go . This dress is perfect for you . It 's an all-purpose style .
What happened ? I think we 've been robbed . Oh , shit .
If I go 90 on the freeway , I 'll make it . I have a power bar in the car . It was so fun to see you , Otto .
Rodney , you have to find somewhere to live . You ca n't stay here no more . You know I ai n't got nowhere else to stay .
I 'm cool . I ai n't gon na make no money here . There 's too many weed mans .
You and me . I feel like , I feel like I ... we just spoke ...
Y'all said you love me ! You told me I could stay here ! Bought me new clothes and the video game !
Bless you . I try to teach Ede that a woman has the right to be loved and to be known . Yoo-hoo .
I did n't ask him to come , Jody . I 'm not fucking him , if you 're thinking that . The car broke and the engine needs fixing .
Come on . She was n't exposed to anything . And I ...
You 're moving ? Well , I found this this surfing school in Costa Rica . So I'm-
I 'm gon na be a seller . I 'm gon na get my own business . Change the game .
I 'd show you my two if I could , you know , figure out how this thing works . Oh , um , they 're yelling at me ' cause I 'm not on the road . Okay .
I 'll clean up ! - You gon na cook some tacos ? My God !
Your daddy used to do the same shit you 're doing now . I just know how Yvette feels . Yvette loves you .
No , I 'm cool . - Why are you acting all shy ? My house is your house Mi casa es su casa !
We could get counseling . I mean if you really want to ... I do n't want to .
That nigga Rodney ? Oh , you do n't hear me now ? Hello !
Are you hungry ? I 'll go to Lucy 's and get you a cheese enchilada and a strawberry shake . That 'd make you feel better .
If you want me to , yes , I did . What do you mean , if I want you to ? No , I do n't want you to !
That 's okay . Your mom told me that you had other plans . Hey , what are you doing ?
Let 's pray on it . Dear Lord , please forgive us for the sins we have brought upon us and show us forgiveness for all our sins in the future . I know you understand that niggas ai n't perfect , but we try , Lord .
Bye . I wan na pray for daddy . Pray ?
You are my wife . And you 're the mother of our children . And every time you say you 're not it 's like a dagger through my heart .
Because the welfare ... of the group sometimes hinges on one individual . If that person ...
Hey what 's going on ? Hey have you seen Teddy ? He ran away from rehearsal ?
It 's safer that way . - I do n't have any friends here . Well , maybe you should make some .
Love ? You 're not a teenager this time , Gwen . Do n't expect love to feel the way it did when you were seventeen .
Uh-hm . You invited me to join you for Christmas . I was suppose to take the 3 o'clock train .
[ man ] It 's a codename for building the atomic bomb . And Los Alamos is the secret place where the scientists worked when they were developing it . Bitsy works as a guide at the museum .
[ Davey crying ] I 'm trying . [ sirens blare ] [ Davey cries out hysterically ] Help ! Somebody help !
Would you please stop that for a second . I ca n't even hear myself think . You asked for this .
You know , that whole Davis and Davey thing . I mean with a simple name like Jane , nobody 's ever confused . I 'm used to it .
She is learning to control and manipulate to get what she wants . You say that like it 's a bad thing . Meg ?
Can we talk ? How about a walk on the beach ? Yeah .
It 's a surprise . - Uh , Jane , this is Wolf . - Hey .
... You said the crew could have a gift exchange . I got ta go .
Wait ! No I thought you were gon na stay for dinner ? Your craft service guys have not even heard for paleo and you 're not exactly-
Well , I have some news . [ Bitsy ] We want you to know , we think Ned Grodzinski is a wonderful man , and we could n't be happier for you . Wait , what ?
OK . I too want to be perfectly clear . Umm ...
[ Jason continues to cry ] [ rattles doorknob ] [ cheerful holiday music ] It 's easy to get lost in Santa Fe , so make sure you 're back at the car by four .
She needs more help than you can give her . Then I 'll make sure she gets it . Yeah and your niece , oh man .
You say they are the only thing you make that you actually do watch with them . You are making me older by the minute . No .
Nice to meet you . So good to meet you . [ Chuckles ]
[ noises in the backseat ] [ slow piano music ] [ knocking ] [ door squeaks open ] - Hi .
Do n't open them until I say now alright ? Do n't open them until I say now . Now .
You 'd have to bulldoze about half . Maybe 3/ 4 of it . Well that might be a little ambitious .
Let 's warm up in the car . [ Davey ] You do n't have a car . I do now .
[ objects hitting floor ] [ gasping ] Davey , come on , we got ta go . I ca n't find my flats .
( SINGING ) Love Is a many blended thing It 's the April rose
Move those little babies ! You can not let your kids see you die like this ! ( GRUNTING )
Damn it . Rip that little loop off the back of your shirt . And Step Three ...
I saw it . Thank you so much for taking me on this trip , Mom . This is the best day of my life !
I 'll take that . Tyler has a playoff game on Saturday ... Yeah ?
Wedding trending Blending , friending , blending , friending Movie ending ( YELLS IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE THEN LAUGHS )
Okay , we 'll see . Let 's get your gloves up . Face protected .
Next to me ? Then that 's where she 'll sit . Go ahead .
No , I tied the chin strap too many times . I ca n't get it off . Best thing about working at a sporting goods store :
Oh , very funny . Okay , but if you had kids you 'd understand ... - Three daughters .
I do n't know why I did that . I get free beers there so it was just panic then . ( DOORBELL RINGS )
Afternoon , Jesse . May I have the keys ? Nice car .
That 's correct . Last time , you said you ca n't call her . No .
I 'll check my schedule . See if you can squeeze it in . How about a ride ?
You need someone to man the telephones , to be a kind of dispatcher . I prefer that you think of it more as a temporary kind of home guard action . Then I 'll try to think of it that way .
Amanda . Do you have a last name ? No .
So the guy has his head up his ass ... and ... ? Brand-new public defender with an oversized ego . He should have just pled him guilty .
If you spend the night in jail , I ca n't go home . You ca n't put me in jail just because you think that I have issues . No , I ca n't .
♪ ♪ I 'm working on the new me . I was on my way home .
My sense is , it 'll match the rapist . Oh , I believe it will . So , why did n't you call me with this ?
Please do not tell Dr. Parkinson about this . What did Valery do here , Lewis ? He was only an orderly , so that could hardly reflect on Tranquility 's mission of providing care and nurturing to our guests who have entrusted us with their destiny .
He said he was somewhere else but could n't prove it . If you do n't like the answers you 're getting , check your premises . My new boss just walked in .
Was she coming to see you , Jesse ? I got that from her two days ago . You did n't open it .
Do n't ask . Could you turn that thing off ? I can .
Sounded great last night . The string section in Year of the Rabbit ... I was so happy with it .
What do you mean ? Do you want ... you want to come down before ? Is that better ?
Cameron . Cam , we could do this with you , yeah , I think . Okay , Mike .
Yeah . What if you thought of it moving , like ... Yeah , constantly forward ?
That 's what I 'm looking for . It 's like the balance of these is off . Mm-hmm .
Well ... I mean , I like that it has texture . Right .
Girl , you got nothing to worry about . Yeah , if it comes out , it 's cute . Shit .
This is really bad right here , - and it , like , hurts to point . - Okay .
That 's it . And the first one too . Are you good everywhere else ?
And it 's ... I like the variety a lot . - Okay .
You 'll come up to half minus . And then stand by , stage right , to switch our dancers here ... or to switch our light walkers . If , by chance , sorry , before you start , that I do n't have their marks ...
I dosed six hours ago . My count had 5,829 grains of rice on her plate . The rice was grown in Arkansas .
Now , uh , there was a drug that the guy , the one who exploded , he had it in his trailer ... That stuff is black , right ? Oh .
Could 've just told me that . - The only reason that you can hear me is because you have some of the Soy Sauce in your system from the syringe . But it 's not very much and it 's not gon na last very long .
From sold-out engagements in Rome , Tel Aviv , - Madison Square Garden and Las Vegas ... - Sir .
Last night you had a dream , Arnie . You dreamt you were being chased through the forest by your mother . She was lashing you with a whip made of knotted penises .
I 'm remembering things that have n't happened yet . - I mean that did n't happen . - John , answer my question .
Dude , I know you strapped , - but before you think about flashing that nine on me , yo , you better listen to what I 's gots to say . As I was saying , yo ...
What is that stuff , John ? The Sauce ... it was alive . - I swear .
Do you ? Just tell me what you did last night . Well , I went to a party by the lake .
I really do . Oh , I love everything about them . I ca n't even describe it .
This is your chance. `` I believe she could save me , '' I said . Ask it now .
Oh , wait , I should n't say that . I mean , that 's not a good word . It 's not just '' sadness , ''
There 's a trick . You hear everything , some tapping , some humming , some speaking aloud to themselves , forgetting they are not alone . Imagine to attend , to see men of substance at their most elemental .
I mean , but that 's great . I mean , that 's really ... that 's really great . You know , I almost asked you out our first year .
I do n't even vote . I freaked out about it once , and I called a radio show , a doctor on the radio , anonymously . And he diagnosed it as the uncontrolled yelling of involuntary words or phrases , frequently insulting or scatological .
It actually will be a fascinating example of scientific hubris . Pay close attention to the documenter rather than the documented . In all the sciences the essential question is , '' Why ? ''
I do n't need a man , '' what they really are telling you is what they want you to make them forget , which is ... what they 're telling you is what they want you to make them forget . They want ...
How do you forget the unmistakable sounds of urine into water , the rustle of newspapers in the stalls , the rumble of the toilet paper dispensers ? All sounds magnified , reverberating slightly . This was my father 's environment .
A child taken from her mother . I gave her loss too soon . You 're gon na get the hang of this .
You stopped taking your injections , have n't you ? The emotion was so strong and at the wedding ... Everyone all together , laughing and dancing ...
Listen . - Get out of my way . Jonas , please stop !
Recreation leader . Thank you for your childhood . Number 54 , Cathy ...
Mostly for personal amusement . But I wo n't lie to you . How do I know that 's not a lie ?
Group one will start from the edge and look inward . Then group two from the center , out . No , like this .
Well , he did need to be rehabilitated . I know he was lily 's teacher , but what was I supposed to do ? I feel ...
Welcome , citizens , to the annual ceremony of advancement . Please stand by for a transmission . Good morning , community .
Now , your friend , if he truely saw the triangle of rocks ... Bring up Jonas 's activity for the past year as well . So Asher came directly to you .
Did n't want the pain . I wanted my childhood again . Scrape knees in ball games .
No , you 're too young lily-Billy . Jonas , your turn for feelings . Well , I guess I 'm sort of ...
Yes . I think I finally do . Hey !
Reaching their half-way mark towards graduation our nines today receive a symbol of their developing independence and responsibility . Celebrating the graduates , who today will be assigned their positions in our community . Good luck .
Yes . - What was Jonas 's disposition at evening meal ? Dissatisfied , anxious , indignant .
Jonas . And the hippo was really an elephant . Jonas .
Because I did not sleep with her . Secondly , we 've had problems for over a year . And I know you do n't wan na deal with that , but we have .
Right . Well , I just want to be sure you are okay because somehow I find I tend to hurt women simply by being myself , so ... I 'm not going to fall in love with you , I promise .
Louis B. Mayer 's office boy ? Actually , my first job was as a Western Union messenger . That 's how I met Mayer .
I feel awful now . Would you mind if I sat ? I feel like I might bump into you .
He has n't exactly come right out and said it ... Iris , did you file your story ? Oh , no , not yet .
I have found almost everything ever written about love to be true . Shakespeare said , '' Journeys end in lovers meeting . '' What an extraordinary thought .
Which means she 's been right here in town . When I spoke to her this morning on her cell and she said : `` I 'm looking out my window and it 's snowing . ''
Thank you . I did n't think we 'd get a chance to do this this year . Remember last Christmas , we exchanged gifts in March .
No , no , no , that 's over . very over . What 's the story with you two anyway ? You were shagging him , were n't you ?
I 'm having some real problems with a section of my book . I can use some Iris . Would it be awful if I sent you some pages ?
`` Barn converted to modern house in the beautiful Cotswolds . '' Which looks exactly like the valley . Surrey . '' Christmas in the country . ''
Now , we 're not officially closed , as you very well know . But we are going to try and get by this week with a smaller-than-normal staff . Now , before some of you rush off on holiday I do have one rather important announcement .
I am sorry I did n't invite you in this afternoon . I do n't know what that was about exactly but whatever it was , I thought that I should just ... Oh , my God .
Yeah ? Well , they did n't know that . It 's called tact .
No , you did n't let ' em ... - no , you did n't let ' em down . - The fuck I did n't .
All right , let 's stay with the ball here . Now you know this Red . He 's got a few priors , so he 's in our system .
Motherfucker want to be Kobe Bryant up in this bitch . What , you think I did n't see that ? So what you saying ?
# Check I 'm the gloss and grind # # The gritty and the floss , the profit and the loss all intertwined # # Because I profit from your losses , you do n't want it , you should get it #
For real . - Got this watch and shit . - Oh , that shit is it , yeah .
Holy fuck . No one 's holding you responsible . Why are you so adamant on taking blame ?
That 's seven years . I mean , no lies , Sal ... I ...
Smith comes in on all our big cases . You 've done some very impressive work . Got me promoted .
It 's not that I stopped wanting to be a doctor . So you do want to be a doctor . No , I meant I did n't change my mind .
You know , I used to smoke back in college . But one summer , I walked in on my parents smoking out of a vaporizer and watching Italian porn . Oh my God .
I was supposed to bang you . This is the universe correcting itself -- oops . So where 'd you decide on med school ?
Maybe just you should do this . I 'm not breaking and entering alone ! The whole reason we 're doing this is for you .
( Door closing ) Tell her , talk to her . Megan , faiza has something she wants to tell you .
We fell asleep . Yeah , is that a problem ? Mm-hmm , mm-hmm .
Yeah , when I was a kid I used to wish that they 'd get divorced'cause I was jealous of all my friends who got to have two Christmas 's . ¶ ¶ unh-unh , hm-hm , hm-hm .
Wanted out . He said that he wanted to find a girl with more of her own life . Dropped the word '' ambition '' a few times .
I do n't know , I just ... Said that to be nice . Oh ...
And I believe I subtly pointed this out for you . Do you remember what it was that I said ? `` I 'm close to coming . '' Yes , uh-huh .
Do n't touch her . Gentlemen , to bed , for at daybreak , I will ... Breakfast .
What are you thinking ? I was thinking my bed looks a lot better with you in it . Can you wait just a couple of days ?
Right foot in front . Lifting up from the elbows like they got strings attached . Like little Pinocchio .
Jesus . Can I call you back ? Hey , how 's it going , son ?
Yeah , what ? Said he 'd just split from some model that did n't get him . Hi .
Alright . Please be back by 4 , I have to go to work . Thank you .
Yes , Headmaster . In the timetable , our esteemed headmaster has given these periods the dubious title of '' general studies '' . I will let you into a little secret , boys .
OK , OK , OK , sweetheart . You carry on with your interview . It 's not an interview , is it ?
What , to launch an iPhone app with your ... Rob Brydon , Small Man in a Box . I 'm not a good businessman .
Oh . You do n't actually believe in all that stuff , do you ? I do , yeah .
Shall we get on with the lesson ? Will you do something about your boots ? I do n't think so .
Ammo ? It 's a pound a bullet . Seven bills for the.38 , eight and a halffor the Glock and a full grand for that Sig there .
Oh , here we go . Every week I ask you , '' Please wear appropriate footwear . '' And every week you insist on wearing those stupid boots .
Cool . - We ca n't start with that now . - Why not ?
No , bollocks . He ca n't even put the records out properly . Look .
Let 's go . It 's costing me enough money as it is . All I ask is that you behave like an adult .
I 've got to go to work . So , Dane will be home any second I promise . So ...
I think I can when you 're putting yourself in danger , putting me in danger , - and putting other people in danger . - It 's them .
I would n't give a bollock if the queen walked through that door and gave you a full pardon right now . Your membership 's staying in the bin . The only reason you ever had it in the first place was ' cause it was grand-fathered in and the committee would n't refuse you .
From this life ... But even as I write this letter I know that you wo n't ... Because it 's who we are .
What more can I do ? I want you to come back . I want you to come back more than anything .
Yeah ? Anyone ever asks you to go on a haggis hunt , be careful what you say . They 've taken you for a fool .
I manage ! No questions from you , Dakin ? What they want to know , sir , is do you have a life ?
No . You did n't give it to him , did you ? No .
Well ... Do n't feel stupid or you 'll make me feel stupid . OK .
Sorry . Many happy returns of the day . I 'll teach you a few tricks .
What time is it , Mummy ? You go on up the stairs and I 'll get you a drink . - # Whack it , whack it !
Well , it 's not like your stuff , Miss . It 's cutting edge , it really is . - Where do you live , sir ?
What is it , cracks in pavement , hats on beds ? I never want to see a hat on a bed . I always have a hat on my bed .
Leave me . Just get away from here . Get help .
I 've been very selfish , caught up in my own pathetic shit . Oh , you have every right to . Not any more .
It 's just my face . Thanks for the barbecue , Helen . Jamie .
Strike one ! I really do n't like clowns . I think it likes whatever you 're afraid of .
What boyfriend ? You do actually love Paul , do n't you ? Honey , right now , I ca n't even remember his name .
I had the MOD send me his old service record . Terry , give us a minute , please ? I 've had a request from Division .
to our congress . Still be romantic , just the two of us . - We can be chummy .
Oh , Jeremy Braines . He 's my boss at Jawbone Records . Oh , yeah .
Erm , I just , I do n't know what to say , that 's all . Could we talk about this another time ? Mummy !
Small man stuck in a box . I do n't care about silly voices . They 're stupid .
Okay , I 'll stay here . Right , Doctor Who are very keen again . Doctor Who ?
Lucas I have no idea what you 're talking about . I did n't put any clown puppet inside your room . Yeah , you did !
I do n't know ? We all ... we all saw that right ? You 're talking about the little girl that just crawled into the bottomless pit under your house ?
I was a kid , six years old . Gas explosion blew a hole in the side of my orphanage . I was the only survivor .
About 10 past 12 . - They 've got a bit of work to do . - Have they ?
Oh , come on , Suzy . - Do n't worry , she 'll be here . What time 's Helen expecting us ?
Do you know that expression ? He was n't a happy man . Always felt there was something better .
No , she 's not my type . She 's right up Felix 's street though . Yeah , right .
`` The world is everything that is the case . '' It 's Wittgenstein , Miss . Yes , yes , I know it 's Wittgenstein , thank you . Can you for a moment imagine how depressing it is to teach five centuries of masculine ineptitude ?
Why should he be like either of us ? Oh , I think he was more like Mr Hector . Bit of a shambles .
Oh , God . ♪ Like I 'm hitting it hard But it 's just pretend ♪ TYKO :
He screamed for a good ten minutes . You could n't send a medic in , the section was too hot . So , we all took cover ... and watched him die .
Luke , focus . We need ... we need a phone , Luke . Luke !
You ought to ... I do n't want to listen to you all the time . I do n't want to listen to you all the time , but you give me all that .
Very , um ... useful for motivating prisoners . This next part ... is n't terribly pretty , I 'm afraid . Open up .
He could be sacked . I thought we 'd talk about the Holocaust . Good gracious !
Yeah ! I do n't know what to say . When ?
Bristol welcomes you with open arms . Manchester longs to have you . You can walk into Leeds !
You 've got 30 seconds , Dix . Alright , alright , listen , I got arrested on the train . Threatened to Mace me and everything .
It 's like . That I 've got to do up underneath like a baby grow . Why would I wan na know that ?
Just go , please . Truth or Dare , Mr. Gimp ? Sorry , what was that ?
Yeah , well ... He wo n't be showing his face around of red guards , would he ? Do n't be so sure .
That 's more than we ever do . Does it seem funny , your little sister having a baby ? - Yeah , it is a bit weird .
# Am I # After one whole quart of brandy # Like a daisy I 'm awake
And you can ask your pals . I do n't want a party . Join hands and make contact with the living , son !
No , I packed him in . - We 're both going away soon , so ... - University ?
I 'll make sure she leaves . Oh , you 're so funny , George . Anna ...
Yeah , well , not sure about that , but anyway ... Ever worked with Michael Mann ? I do n't work with mainstream Hollywood directors .
Here , pass it . - Why does n't he just leave you alone ? - Kim , you would n't dare ...
Look , I 'm acting skipper of this ship . I just want what 's best for everyone . We bury Lisa at sea .
Oh ... Does he talk to you about anything ? - About what ?
Th ... they 're not going to get here ... By the time they 're here , we 'll be gone . There 's no point .
Bloody hell . The waiter could play it . But how well are you gon na play it ?
He 's dead . He died in that bed . If you see anything supernatural , do you think you can inform me ?
Well , on occasions . I 'll go make the tea . Oh , thank you very much .
I remember . We 're really sorry to bother you like this ... We just have to ask you about your old house .
Um ... But of course , let 's not remember a man who was lost , desperately trying to legitimize his life by doing silly voices constantly and not confronting the truth . Let 's remember the other side of Rob , the Rob Brydon the entertainer , the Rob Brydon who gave some levity to our life and helped us avoid confronting the harsh realities and helped us avoid looking at the brutal reality
These people , they know where I live . I do n't want you being here if they come back . Yeah .
If Winston Churchill ate off it , it 'd be worth a hundred times that . It 's a Princess Di commemorative plate , Dempsey . I 'm just saying .
Do something with that . I just remember I would pick up my brother . See you in a bit .
Yeah . Tie him up , just in case . Where are you ?
Don will show you what to do . And it 's cash in hand . Is that OK ?
I 've got lots of things I 'd like to say . But the curtain 's come down , unfortunately . That 's horrible !
Yeah , I 'll be fine . I 've heard a little whisper about you two . Yeah ?
You know the other thing they never say is ... Right , well , we 'd better make a move . I want to get back in daylight .
what are you doing here in the dark ? Hiding from your new boyfriend ? Let 's get outta here .
Do n't worry . He wo n't do anything unless he 's told . Oh , yeah .
♪ Kissing with a girl He 'd never met before ♪ ♪ The food was sparse But the drink was plenty ♪ ♪ Jack was 16 And Jill had just turned 20 ♪
♪ And I would walk 500 more ♪ ♪ Just to be the man Who walks a thousand miles ♪ ♪ To fall down at your door ♪
Which is the better room ? 7 is a bit bigger , but I prefer 15 . Maybe you want to see it ?
They ca n't stay here tonight , you know . It 's only for a few nights , love , that 's all . OK , well , call me when you get there .
I heard about you losing the money of my uncle. `` Oh , I heard about you losing my uncle 's money . '' How come he got to shoot him ?
Can we go and sort the bonds first ? He also owns the casino . Right .
If you got up this morning and said the poem in your own voice and meant the words . I chose a voice to suit the mood . I felt Sir Ian , coming , as he does , from Bolton , would be perfectly suited ...
Tomorrow . Let me get the old man . Stay there .
That 's the problem . If you need anybody to carry your bags around . All right .
You look like you 're going to , so get it out of the way . You 're worried about your mum , do n't think she 'll be able to look after herself . Will she be able to stay off the piss long enough to get the shopping in ?
♪ I do n't want that I want you instead ♪ ♪ I do n't want that I want you instead ♪ ♪ I do n't want that I want you instead ♪
No ... Sh ... she OD-ed or she ... had an allergic reaction .
[ Charlie ] But you do n't know for sure ? - [ Harvey ] No , we 'll find out . - [ Charlie ] How ?
[ CHUCKLES ] Mark speaks in his '' sleep . '' He speaks in his '' sleep '' ?
♪ I do n't want that I want you instead ♪ ♪ I do n't want that I want you instead ♪ ♪ I do n't want that I want you instead ♪
`` seemed to me distemper 's worst calamity. `` The third night , when my own loud scream had waked me `` from the fiendish dream ,
And he 's fine . And perhaps spend a little bit more time with him . What do you say ?
No ! It 's because other boys want to go there . It 's the hot ticket , standing room only .
You can try and find the excitement elsewhere ... But it just do n't exists . The nerves .
I 'm in a mess , mate . I 've lost my flat , I 've lost my records , I 've lost my money , I 've lost my girl .
' - Why do n't you just go ? - Oh , come on !
If anyone has got a problem with that , walk away . Does anyone have a problem ? What am I driving ?
Funny that while I were chatting to you and Roper was sinking further into the shit , the safe in the Rise Club were being emptied of all his ill-earned money . There 's a couple of reasons why I 'm telling you this . Being a smart arse is just one of them .
This is where we are , then . Find some items to make your party go with a swing . It 's funny .
It 's no big deal . It 's that what you do for fun in Brooklyn ? Play with your holes ?
Is that him ? You did n't happen to see a little girl run by here did you ? Shut up .
The puppet chased you ? The one you put in my bed . Lucas I have no idea what you 're talking about .
Bye-bye . Can you say good-bye to Dad ? Say good-bye .
So I 'm Adam . What 's that ? '' I 'm Monkey Girl . I 'm in the world 's worst band . ''
Who 's gon na stop it ? It 's not like he 's carrying a knife . He 's had to be walking down the street with that thing in his hand .
We 're the only ones with our heads screwed on . You helped them throw Lisa ! You helped them throw her like she were a ...
Dane ... I hate to tell you this but you were never a scout . My friend .
Do you get animals in here ? [ FOUND 'S '' FREAKY FREAKY RAVING '' PLAYING ] ♪ Side by side ♪
I dunno , I ... I see this ... pretty pair of eyes ... .. and I guess we just liked the look of each , so ...
Yeah . - You get that coat off quickly . - What time is it , Mummy ?
With my life . Hi , Annabella , it 's me again . You did n't come home last night and there are no messages .
His landmark is a kopje-crest Which breaks the veldt around ; And foreign constellations west Each night above his mound . '' `` Young Hodge the Drummer never knew- Fresh from his Wessex home-
Pleased to meet you . Just do one thing for me ? Please .
# And in the end there is love ... # And in the end there is love ... # And in the end there is love ...
They knicked his righthand man last night . About time he did something . We should make a move .
Uh ... well , do n't know , really . I 'd have to ask Sally . It 's a job .
Nothing 's up . - You should make a move . - On Gemma ?
Creepy Carl was always talking about the darkness . Maybe it came and got him ? Why do you have these drawings all over the floor ?
I had to do it . I could not take a chance . I am sorry about your friends .
It was an accident ! - He 's not your grandad , Eddie ! I wish he was my dad !
# Blackbird , bye bye If I speak of Hector , it is of enthusiasm shared , passion conveyed and seeds sown of future harvest . He loved language .
But wait , I have plenty of self-confidence . I 'm just sad about the breakdown .
♪ You stole the sun from the sky ♪ ♪ Black crow morning You walked out of my life ♪ ♪ You buried deep inside , The secrets I will find ♪
? Bright as the stars we 're under ?
Hi . She 's just off to the toilet . MARK :
Well , I 'll tell you . Our brain has two sides . The left brain and the right brain .
No ! Actually , the metaphor is n't exact because what Fiona is presumably carrying out is a planned withdrawal . You 're not forcing her , she 's not being overwhelmed by superior forces .
He would n't want this . You did n't know him at all . He would n't want this cruelty .
Yeah , you did ! I mean , I might have ... If I would have thought about it .
Pull yourself together . And take me to the boys . Alright .
You 'll be the biggest sissy bitch on the wing . What was your mother thinking ? Oi !
I 've got a report here from Social Services , Mark , that tells me you 've been in and out of foster care since you were six years old . And you 've made some pretty serious allegations of sexual abuse . That 's all bollocks .
Well , you have n't . He 's still out there now doing what he 's always done . Do you know how ?
Half of it died away . Now it do n't hardly work no more . Better off dead , I reckon .
You 're a cheeky sod . ( Man ) Thank you very much . Here 's the news .
Oh , hello . Yeah , we 're the van you clamped near the Blue Posts . Listen , we 've been waiting for two hours .
Wa-hey ! I do n't want you splashing me . Come on , sleepyhead .
Hi there . Have you got a package there ? There you are .
♪ This tainted love you 've given I give you all a boy could give you ♪ ♪ Take my tears And that 's not nearly all ♪ ♪ [ ALL CHEERING ]
You 're very fortunate , you know . I never met my grandparents . And my mummy and daddy- too far away for us to see them much .
I 'm just ... my chin 's okay , right ? - Your chin is absolutely fine . - Okay .
Smell the coffee , all right ? The dream is happening right now . You 're living the dream , Steve .
So ? Am I going to be a grandfather ? Er ...
Did you ever kill anyone ? You ca n't ask me that , Len . I 'm sorry , I should n't have said anything .
She knows I 'm back at the bottom . I ca n't be her charity case . That 's why I pushed her away before I went inside .
Do you exist on an unhealthy diet of takeaways or do you whisk up gourmet meals for one ? - Or is it a lonely pizza , sir ? - I manage !
Yeah , I wan na hit everyone ! - Did you send the postcard ? I did not .
Big Scottish bloke . We were in the marines together . If it had n't have been for him , I would n't have met my Kath .
to our congress . Still be romantic , just the two of us . - We can be chummy .
What does '' fuck you '' mean ? - Nothing , darling , it 's a rude word . Now , let 's get some ice cream .
How much for ? ( laughs ) I do n't do notes . Get changed .
I ca n't leave without you . And you ca n't do this without us . We all play a part , we all take an equal cut .
Yeah , I 'm being serious . You 'd better sort this out , I want my child back . I do n't know why I have to go .
Enrahah is the eye at the top of the pyramid . I 'm talking about the bottom of it . Those at the bottom of the pyramid are kept in total ignorance of what those at the top of the pyramid are achieving .
Inflation . Collapse of the Weimar Republic , internal disorder , the rise of Hitler . So our conclusion is that the origins of the second war lie in the unsatisfactory outcome of the first .
Creepy Carl sure keeps it cold in here . That is a lot of wattage . Is that him ?
Twat . You were n't , though , you know ... ? Just drive , you dickhead .
He 's had to be walking down the street with that thing in his hand . Just traveling down the road with a chainsaw . Got ta go to round my and fix shit .
I know it 's very hard , but ... You 've got to see , if you told her , it would achieve absolutely nothing but misery . That 's why I want it to stop now .
On Sunday , we went to Edward 's birthday party . There was a wizard who cut an old man 's finger off . It were extremely wicked .
The Boer War , possibly . And these were the first campaigns when soldiers , common soldiers , were commemorated . The names of the dead were recorded and inscribed on war memorials .
♪ Now I run from you ♪ BOTH : ♪ This tainted love you 've given you I give you all a boy could give you ♪ ♪ Take my tears And that 's not nearly all ♪
There is one journalist , though on a better class of paper- a career he 's always threatening to abandon in order , as he puts it , '' really to write '' . Hector always said I was ajournalist . And so you were .
It was just a laugh , you know ? A little note to remind him that he was n't so important after all ! Not that he felt that way , as it turns out .
This it ? - You get in the passenger seat . - You know it 's me learning to drive ?
My name is Paul Dean . But everybody calls me Dixie . Now , I 've come to London to manage the best new band in the world .
That 's it . In through the nose , out through the mouth . Nice , deep breaths .
It 's always heads . I gave you that coin . Come on .
I need the big guy . I 'll give you a little bit more time because somebody ca n't close . - Fair enough .
$ 500 or best offer . That 's not a bad deal . I thought so .
I know . It 's like , why ca n't we hunt something cool like a hawk , or an eagle , or something with some talons ? That 'd be awesome .
Just tell her the truth . Listen , in human relations , kindness and lies are worth a thousand truths . Goodbye , Dad .
TODD : I call the painting '' Celebration . '' It 's sexual and violent .
Janice , I apologize to you if I do n't seem real eager to jump into a forced , awkward intimate situation that people like to call dating . I do n't like the feeling . You 're wondering , '' Do I have food on my face ?
Double or nothing , Colossians 3 : 12 . And now a reading from Paul 's First Letter to the Corinthians. `` Love is patient , love is kind . ''
Keep us posted on that , Al . Hey , Mom , can I go to Magic Mountain with Julie 's family tomorrow ? Sure .
I ai n't gon na fight you . [ WAGNER 'S '' BRIDAL CHORUS '' PLAYS OVER SPEAKERS ] I think we 've got a crier .
Oh , no . Oh , my God , thank you . Thank you .
Sure do . Well , my mom and I went online and read some more about him . Really ?
JEREMY : I might just have one more of the samplers here . - Good .
Go ! Remember this guy heals , so get ready . Today marks the fourth day since little Ohristie Dillon 's disappearance .
MAN 3 : Claire , you took us all by surprise ! SACK :
The battery 's dead . I forgot to charge it . Why are you crying ?
I know . Unfortunately my powers only apply to useless consumer products . Well , if the police are missing a Belgian waffle maker , you could give them a hand .
I mean , there 's no proof . I mean , how do you know ... how do you know that I love you ? I mean , really , you do n't know .
How are you ? So , um , how do you know the groom ? We are Uncle Ned 's kids .
I hate it . Will you hold up his arm ? Um , yeah .
Todd , where are you going with this ? Just do n't say anything to my dad , though . Some friend of my sister 's she said something to my dad a couple of years ago he now lives in a shack in Guam .
No . You were going 39 in a 25-mile-per-hour zone . License and registration , please ?
Ginny . You saw the caller I.D . It 's Ginny Summerson .
My God . That sounds just like you . When you got the chance , jump off the cliff , remember ?
What ? That beautiful dress , my son looking nice .... We 're doing big things !
You need to grow up . You got your own family . Why do n't you and Yvette get a place together ?
Yeah . You never met Grayson , did you ? No , I do n't think so .
Yeah . Except , you know , her mother does n't know you . You 'd have to make that okay .
And I 've just been so pleased with how civil this has all been . So maybe just do n't do it again , okay ? Shit .
Sell stolen stuff ? Like that man there trying to sell that camera ? - You do n't want me answering it ?
That 's what the pros do . Daddy , you lost your screw-in tooth . It was permanent I thought .
I ca n't stand it . If I 'm insecure , it 's because you made me this way ! All you think about is yourself !
I know this is hard for you and I 'm sorry about that . Do you think Ede 's fine with this ? It 's all for the good .
Otto . And at home , I 'll be ... Otto , honey , this , it 's --
¶ Make new friends but keep the old ¶ ¶ One is silver and the other 's gold ¶ ¶ A circle is round and has no end ¶
I guess , I ... I guess I just gave up trying to reach her . I did not know what was going on with her .
I did n't do nothing . I was over at Kim 's , playing spades . You 're a liar !
No way . Somebody do n't want to leave . Oh , fuck !
I need money . A job to keep me busy . Something besides playing Madden all day .
I mean , I really , uh ... I should 've been a better parent . Yeah , I mean , everybody feels that way .
Let 's go get some liquor . Strippers ai n't at work yet . You do n't need liquor .
So where y'all going ? I 'm taking her to a club on Crenshaw , listen to some music . My partner 's in a band there .
My foot ? The doctor said that there was a chance . No .
Monday ? What 's that supposed to mean ? Get up !
Why not ? I 'm on a plane at 6 : 45 tomorrow morning . You 're leaving tomorrow ?
Well , thank you . Well , you know , it would n't be the same without you . I 'm so glad you came .
[ fire burns loudly ] [ sounds of crickets and owls ] [ car pulls up ] Thanks for bringing me tonight .
You know , you ca n't just accept rides from boys , Davey . He 's not just some boy . He goes to Cal-Tech .
How could you do this ? Well it was your idea . It was a great one at that .
This is my friend , Tiger . - Nice to meet you , Tiger . - Nice to meet you guys , too .
Well no one is making you stay Bob Cratchit . Would you like to leave ? That 's what I thought .
Wolf . Is that a first name or a last name ? Either .
You too . How did she know your name ? [ Clears throat ]
And why . Or ... how it makes no sense . The thing about it is ...
The whole town ... all together . Oh and Ted , we 're gon na go back to the original script . Your script .
That 's it ? I do my best to help protect us . To keep us safe .
have to put some kind of tarp thing over the grave . Or maybe it will be better for the grass , so it could finally grow back . [ rain continues to pour ] [ woman ] Why do n't you just take a break ?
You know you 're supposed to ride off into the sunset , not the sunrise , right ? I 'll add that to the list of things I know nothing about . Ok .
I 'll tell you what . I 'm not going to be here very long . And when I 'm gone , I want you to have it .
Oh , You know just that it 's the elves job to make Christmas special for everyone else . [ Sigh ] There 's just not enough money in the budget . There is never enough money .
Bye . [ door shuts ] [ rolls dice ] Twelve . 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12 .
No , I- uh , I 'm not going to school here . Davey , please do n't make this harder than it has to be . You 've missed a lot of school already , and your mom needs time to heal .
Ok. [ Slow Talking ] Megan I am going to go upstairs . [ Slow Talking ] And when I get up there I am going to get the kids ready for school .
[ whispers ] Go for it , Davey . I ca n't believe you signed me up . Davey Wexler .
Hey . So then I said , I 'm not pitchy . You 're pitchy .
I 'm sorry , Tiger . Was he sick for a long time ... Like my dad ?
Or some self fulfilled fantasy where you actually produce Christmas movies instead Of watching them in front of a fire , drinking eggnog . I get it .
Rest . She should be on the swim team . She 's got good shoulders .
There 's an emergency town hall meeting in an hour . They 'll have all the paperwork for your perusal . See ya in an hour .
Do n't take this the wrong way or anything , but I 'm not really that into jousting . You can- you can give it a try . - I 'm really busy as it is .
My cat would love to chase those . When Winter comes , all the lizards will disappear . You wo n't see them again until Spring .
Hello . Can I ask you something ? Given you 're the personification of a deep physical trauma
Where was I ? I thought you had everything under control . You know with the mayor ...
I promise I 'll pay it back . So you just call if you need anything . [ car engine starts ] [ drives off ]
[ medicine bottle rattles ] You have to stop taking these . Did you hear me ?
Ready for what ? - You scheduled a star-gazing experience . So Mrs. Chiapetolis , would you like to come join me ?
I just find it hypocritical from someone who nearly killed my son . So it was getting even ? Is that it ?
He owns all the Dick 's Sporting Goods . I manage the one in Ridgefield . Of course you do .
I killed it ! Let 's do it a hundred more times . If I hit like that , my dad 's gon na start coming to my games .
( ALL CHUCKLING ) Come on , you deserve a nice massage . ( LAUREN LAUGHING )
JIM : So get in your stance . That 's right .
But Standard Fence has a rally going . Now batting , number 23 , Tyler Reynolds . ( PLAYS OMINOUS TUNE )
Uh-oh . I think someone new came to dinner . A flying baby named Cupid .
Are you wearing eye shadow ? I made Daddy a princess , but he washed the paint off . Well , not all the way off because he looks a little like Lady Gaga .
My innocence is wearin ' thin But my heart is growin ' strong So call me , call me , call me
I 'm having two drinks at night . You 're having two drinks at night alone . ( thunder crashing )
You 're the guys that put him away . So , why should we talk to someone from State Homicide ? You do n't have to .
Did you do a criminal background check ? He said it was n't necessary . But you did one anyway .
Fear of loss ? When I met him , he was sitting next to his owner 's body . Existential despair .
I 'm not going to fall in love with you . I do n't think you 'll fall in love with me . We can be each other 's friend .
What 's your problem ? What makes you think I got a problem ? Every time you stop by to see how I 'm doing , either you got a problem , or I got a problem .
What did you get out of him before the PD shut him up ? He said he was somewhere else but could n't prove it . If you do n't like the answers you 're getting , check your premises .
I 'm in love with Cissy . Have you talked to her since she moved to Boston ? How would you know she moved to Boston ?
Now that you got your cell phone back , why do n't you call him ? - Do n't tell me what to do . - I did n't .
No , I ca n't . And my mom wanted me out of here . She did .
Morning . I find a certain poetic symmetry to having you meet me . You gave me the heads-up about Alan .
Jesse , I ca n't prove that I was somewhere else . Can you prove where you were last night ? - Not all night .
No , I 'm a cop . Do n't try to tell me how to do my job . This interview is over .
Tranquility is committed to providing a high standard of care to our patients in a nurturing environment . Do you normally discharge a client in two weeks , Dr. Parkinson ? We do n't have clients .
But the second movement , you were happier with that ? - I 'm really happy with it . - Okay .
Sterl . Oh , she needs to do more with her back leg . Ster , we want to have you one more time in the grand jeté .
Joe 's new . And , Apple , you still got late . - Sorry , Albert .
So it 's like the boys , Justin . - If we stay like this ... - Yeah , yeah .
Mm-hmm . No , it 's not bad , actually . They 're gon na tack these down .
Yeah . I know what you mean , though . Because this is all just falling forward .
Like , I 'm like , '' Oh , that 's actually really nice , andifs , Hke , it enhances everything , and it 's not like , an obvious thing , '' so ... It 's how far do we push those moments of narrative into a story with the light ? - I see what you mean .
Maybe that opens just a touch . Do you think we can go in on the ... - We could do that too .
Here . Can it come down a little tempo-wise , or no ? I can just make sure that it ... that it ... it stays very , very steady .
Andy Okay . - ... before you cue the music . Uh ...
Yeah . - Of this side or that side ? - That side .
Maybe if you kept her on her leg . So if you came back and you came up , sous-sous , and then turned her somehow . - Okay .
Probably able to adjust . But you should have figured out by now , you do n't choose the Soy Sauce . The Soy Sauce chooses you .
Look , leave the police station right now during all the commotion . They 'll have EMTs hauling my body out , lots of people will be standing around looking . Just walk out .
Any more of them ? No , I do n't think so . Then come on ... all of you .
If you get the opportunity , - you may detonate it like this . Now the Tripper may not kill Korrok , but it will sure fuck his shit up .
What ? I know you do n't believe me , but when you turn around , you will . Do n't scream .
You disappoint me . All these years we 've dueled . You will never defeat me , Marconi .
He mumbles . like that ever since they brought him in . Wake up !
John . That last part was code for '' Stop and pick me up some beer on the way . '' Dave .
It is said out of genuine concern for your safety . A very important role you must play . Korrok is a powerful adversary .
What ? They harvest insects here , do they not ? For their honey ?
We 're in some liquor truck and we 're on our way to the abandoned mall on Highway 59 . Did you say we 're going to the mall or coming back from it ? - Going !
There 's just one more thing I feel like I have to tell you about first , though . God , I am terrified to tell you , but I 'm gon na tell you .
# And I fall # # I live with one concern # # It 's the law #
You say you 're sorry . You say you ca n't imagine how much it must hurt . And I ca n't .
And then there is copulation in varied and distinct ways among the many other petrified , unseeing figures , for whom I have stopped time with my hand 's great power ! Yeah , Sara , by the way , I think you look fantastic . Well , thank you , Harry .
But you see , these fellas are just animals . They 're not even in the same type of game that we 're talking about here . No , what we 're talking about here is your basic secondary type of fella , the fella that thinks he 's a great lover , your sensitive male smoothie type .
Okay , ladies and gentlemen . Today we are going to be concluding part two of the very riveting Nanook of the North . Yes , yes , groan , groan , I know .
You know ? I want to watch people revel and be merry , you know ? I want to watch pretty things and , like , funny things and , like , singy things .
Okay , you know , is it weird to get so depressed watching a children 's Christmas special ... Oh , wait , I should n't say that . I mean , that 's not a good word .
I want to watch people revel and be merry , you know ? I want to watch pretty things and , like , funny things and , like , singy things . Oh .
I want you to come with us . When I 'll get there you 'll understand . I 'll come back for you .
Show me more . Let 's go for a walk . A real one , with your legs .
Jonas , I ca n't . What about my family unit , the other new children ? I ca n't leave them .
Well , thank you very much for ... Helping us to narrow down the possibilities . I will contact you if he comes here .
It was built right on the edge . We 'd all heard of people getting lost to the edge , never to be seen again . And yet , here I was .
Simply stated , there is no snow because of climate control . But why do n't people know about them ? I mean , what so dangerous about the memory of a sled ?
Like there was no position meant for you ? They 've been watching since you were a new child . The elders are never wrong .
What are you proposing ? All the memories back and back and back can be returned . I to leave the community .
Uh ... You ready for the fast part ? And turn !
Fear , pain , envy , hate ... There were n't words so much as sounds . Their echoes were gone to the other side of history .
A combination of reality , fantasy , emotions and what you had for dinner . You stopped taking your injections , have n't you ? The emotion was so strong and at the wedding ...
`` but that 's no excuse for being prideful . '' And then the old man says , `` no , really , I 'm asking , who am I ? ''
Thank you . It was like a memory but Fiona was there . You had a dream .
You 're seeing nothing today . We 've already covered seeing beyond . There 's also such a thing as hearing beyond .
But today , we honor your differences for they have determined your future . Here are the leaders , and the teachers , and the workers , and birth-mothers of tomorrow . And I think we 're in very good hands .
You do n't have to be this nice . - It happens to be the truth . - Really ?
I would take you proudly , my darling , but I 'm not going . Anyway , how would you propose to get me in shape ? Seriously .
This past weekend , the children were with their grandparents . And when they 're gone , I get to be somebody who does n't have hot chocolate spilled on his jeans . I have no idea how to date and be this .
And then I found out that he was also seeing this other girl , Sarah from the Circulation Department on the 19th floor . It turned out that he was n't in love with me like I thought . What I 'm trying to say is I understand feeling as small and as insignificant as humanly possible .
What is that ? `` We switch houses , cars , everything . I have n't done it before , but friends have . ''
Darling ... Now I 've got somewhere really important to be and you have got to get the hell out . - Now !
Bora Bora. `` Kayak for one ? '' No , thank you. `` vacation Rentals . '' I could do that .
Well , like I said , Most Interesting Girl Award . I 'm gon na try to see that as a compliment . You should .
Okay , I 'll say it fast . My parents broke up when I was 15 . I 'm an only child , and I ...
Sex is pretty basic , right ? Am I pretty much talking you out of this ? Strangely , not at all .
I learned everything working in this place . - Best job I ever had . - Wait , wait , wait .
It was a really great afternoon . You know , you do n't have to walk me in . It 's freezing , and ...
Graham ? Oh , no , is he lost ? Excuse me .
What 's up , Dad ? You 've got 20 years of days . This job takes enough out of you .
Thank you. `` Hail Mary , full of grace , the Lord is with thee ; blessed art thou amongst women , and blessed is the fruit of thy womb , Jesus .
The bashed me , you know , smashed bottles over my head . Yeah , there 's bottles over my head and kicked me in the face . And to save myself , I got in my car ... you know , I ran out of there , I got in my car ,
Look . This thing is obviously weighing on you . So release it .
We have to remind the public that one man from this unit can not stain the sum total of our efforts ; That we are not in the business of harming the public but of helping it . We 've been entrusted with the responsibility to protect those who can not protect themselves .
They see you rolling around with this motherfucker , man , it gon na be like you back on the throne the first day . Which is why I had this plan for the business . - We gon na shake ...
I 'm telling you . I 'm putting these motherfucker 's grandchildren through college . Hey hey hey .
Well , if your wife 's case , because of her asthma her lungs are working three times as hard as they should , which is jeopardizing her and the twins . One of the babies is significantly smaller than the other . - But they 're okay though ?
Do you think we did ? Well , you know , it 's the first time , it 's awkward . You do n't know what to say , you do n't know what you 're touching .
Do n't believe everything you hear . Especially when it 's something like , '' hey , Alec , cool name . '' What is that ?
We did . And I was n't sure that we would , 'cause I am so used to you always being here , you know ? Like ... nonstop , all the time .
Oh . Yeah , and sadly that was n't even the deal-breaker . I wanted to work through it , but he ...
Wow . All guys feel that way ? I can only speak for me and my friends , but yeah .
No ... yeah . Do you want to come ? Well , it kind of depends on the cake situation .
I got lazy . But you should n't have faked it . Okay , because that 's not helping anybody .
Is the abridged version , just like that ? ( Man ) You two coming in or what ? Nice to meet you .
He is so crazy that he is forcing me to sound crazy . Do you see what he 's doing ? Ma'am ...
How pathetic is that , it 's so pathetic ... Do you really think my name sounds like the first draft of a name ? Yeah .
I 'm just saying ... It sounds like you are . I 'm not .
You know , Zigic is going to give Niko my job over this . I ca n't work with that guy . Yeah , well , you ai n't gon na have to , are you ?
Free booze , good times , the usual ? His parents supposed to have a fuck-off pad . Yeah , it 's huge .
Guide me . - Swivel round and rock back . Yeah , that 's it .
♪ And the leaking clouds ♪ ♪ Will fill up the streams That 'll drown you out ♪ ♪ If I do n't belong ... ♪
some jerk locked up in the Jersey Prison . Not every man is like your father . I 've got some jerk locked up ...
And because we do n't see it , this means there is no period so remote as the recent past . And one of the historian 's jobs is to anticipate what our perspective of that period will be . - Even on the Holocaust .
Would you come to my funeral ? Would you turn up , do you think ? Course I would .
I thought we 'd try and avoid the A roads , right , and go up the B6255 to Hawes , right , and then cut down through Oughtershaw , Yockenthwaite , Buckden , down the B6160 through Kettlewell , then the B6265 through Grassington to Pateley Bridge , then up to Ramsgill from there , right ? Yes , captain .
And that time I chucked dirt on your head . That 's an awful lot of things to be sorry for at such a young age . Sorry .
If you let him go , he 'll give you the money back , okay ? - Please , you do n't have to do this . - Sebastian .
Yeah , she 's over the worst now . Yeah , anyway she 's got other talents . - Has she ?
The ruling of the committee commend not only myself , but other members of the squad . In particular , Detective Sergeant Terry Hicock , who having tragically lost his life in the line of duty has been singled out for the Queen 's Gallantry Medal for Bravery , along with fellow officer Detective Inspector Alice Frampton . ( Reporter ) Can you confirm or deny the rumours that a number of deaths on the estate are attributed to a vigilante ?
Yeah ? I like the way they make me feel , Suzy . - Like a natural woman .
Okay. `` It was not to be supposed that Mr. Coleridge could keep on `` at the rate he set off .
I shall go home and read my book . Oh , it must be a good book . What is it ?
Dixie , Michelle . Here to see the flat . 1,170 pounds a month , all up front .
OK ? I just need to know ... Where 's the tape , Bluey ?
Bang-on ! So , do you want the same time every week ? Go on , then .
The one you put in my bed . Lucas I have no idea what you 're talking about . I did n't put any clown puppet inside your room .
# If you called your dad he could stop it all # You 'll never live like common people # You 'll never do what common people do
Oh , that 's good . For L'enclume , and basically , with L'enclume , you can say whatever you want , because it goes from the terrible to the wonderful . Victor Lewis-Smith .
I 've had a request from Division . They 're looking for an experienced officer to head up a major inquiry into identity theft . Your background makes you the perfect candidate .
It 'll be separate rooms by then , dear . - Oh , no , that told you . I would n't let you go into a home .
You 're not going to leave , are you ? Why do you write so much on your arms ? Shall we go and get some magical items for your party ?
( stammers ) It 's a turn of phrase that brings with it a sense of not sharing . Of being out of it , whether because of diffidence or shyness . But a holding back .
Do you want to come and help me ? Maybe get that shiny suit of yours a little bit dirty ? Why not ?
We drove all over in those days . The roads were so quiet ... We did , you know .
No further interest were taken into my plight . Well , there is certainly authenticity to what you 're saying . If you 're familiar with the methods , why do n't you do something ?
let 's just stay down here . Did you close that when you came home ? I do n't remember .
You have to feel this . It 's like a rock , Gemma . You 'll have to excuse her .
It is . Misty moor , really , but , you know ... - Christy Moore .
Yeah ? Do I make you wet ? Do Sorted Records tickle your fancy ?
Jesus , this is bad . See , I think that you do love me . I do not love you .
You look like you 're recovering from a stroke and learning how to get mobility again . I 'd like a vodka martini , shaken , but not stirred . I can feel my legs .
# The winner takes it all # # The winner takes it all # # The winner takes it all #
Yeah , I 'll give him a call as well a bit later on . Yeah , we 'll call him on the way and we can sort it all . It 's all OK .
I 've got some jerk locked up ... The boy is asking for it . I know it 's just ... his father was not a nice guy .
You ca n't take the locks off . We 're just trying to figure out where it leads or ... What ... what 's under there .
We all play a part , we all take an equal cut . If anyone has got a problem with that , walk away . Does anyone have a problem ?
This car is my livelihood . This car is how I earn my living . - I do n't know how you earn your living .
It belonged to my father . My mother gave it to him on their honeymoon . He gave it to me years later when they 'd separated .
Yeah ? I want to do some business . I heard that Kenny , and you , were the men to see .
If the tiniest element misaligns , the rest will follow . Come on , come on , come on . [ clattering ]
What are you doing ? I 'm going to the home . - What ?
Why is that , sir ? ( sighs ) It 's a question of timetabling , apparently . No , no , this is ... something else .
You must be very pleased . ( # '' This Charming Man '' by The Smiths ) Morning !
♪ I 've been losing all my friends ♪ ♪ I wave another empty bottle ♪ Oh , God .
Imagine that , eh ? It 's a lovely thought , is n't it ? Being cooked in your own juice .
Are you OK ? - You want to find out if he 's all right ? - I do n't care about him .
Oh . What route are you taking ? The ... well , getting on the M60 clockwise and then on the M56 , M6 .
How could I ? I do n't even know who the fuck he is . Well , they keep telling us you have to lie .
I 'm one now . In your own time , sir . Pass the parcel .
Kim ? If we wait out here till tomorrow , no one 'll find us . We can die out here !
As for the truth , Scripps , forget it . In an examination , truth 's not an issue . You really believe this , sir ?
And the whole ... bloody thing has ended up on little me . You can take it to a garage . What ?
I had a ten-bob note in my pocket . You do n't see them any more . They were red .
No . - I 've got to get on , George . - Would you like some company ?
# Re , mi , fa , sol , la , ti , do # Re , mi , fa , sol , la , ti , do # Re , mi , fa , sol
Just give it to me . Give me that gun , now . I want that gun .
I also believe it would not suit the interests of the CPS to pursue any further charges against you concerning the Rise Club break-in . Where does that leave us ? Well , that leaves us with conspiracy to commit a crime .
Legally , he 's 100 % liable . Right word in the wrong ear ... You tricky little bastard .
# And it 's you # I ca n't get used to my heart # Happy and free , running wild
# To know what to say , mind is a razorblade # One night of magic rush , the start a simple touch # One night to push and scream ...
I do n't know . Hey , but you must never think , ever , that you 're not absolutely the most important thing in the world to your mum and me . Do you understand ?
You can say , '' I would bring him in , but he might make a mess . '' From Bolton 's old monastic tower , the bells ring loud with gladsome power . The sun shines bright .
Oh Really ? You want me to play with you ? Yes ...
Give a little wave to you . I give a little wave to you . No ?
Fucking wanker . [ woman on TV ] Excellent , but there is a small chip on the back , unfortunately . [ woman 2 ] Oh , no .
You 're joking ? I 'm a bad girl , Lucky . You would have found that out sooner or later .
He 's swinging a fucking chairs . Man , you 've got ta stand strong when it comes to these things . What , so you throw something small ... and suddenly he just drops his chainsaw and surrenders ?
Well ... So how has the trip been so far ? Rob ?
We 've also heard that he 's incredibly handsome . The funniest guy in the world . The only person who could truly throw you a welcome home party .
Bye-bye ! ... and off to the big city . London , you got to love it , have n't you ?
Reg . - A man with a car on his head ? - Seatbelt ?
Mr Kramer . - Missed a brain , more like . Hey , hey .
I messed up . Make sure all the other hotels have got separate rooms , right ? Okay .
Good . Coming in this pub like that . They got no idea .
Gun and blade . Well , it looks like you got 1 gun . Blade .
I really do n't like clowns . I think it likes whatever you 're afraid of . What ?
You want to find out if he 's all right ? - I do n't care about him . Are you OK ?
ADAM : ♪ Sometimes I feel I 've got to ♪ ♪ Run away I 've got to get away ♪
I 'm getting into the safety position . This is the safety position . Such ...
What 's that , then ? You did n't ask who you were supposed to have killed . ( Police sirens )
Now it'ssss hissstory . Do n't make her like the chef from the Muppets . # Though it 's herding me #
Where are the bonds ? In a container where you did the test drive . Which container ?
There 's no signal here . You wo n't get a signal . I 'm on wireless .
Do n't touch her . Gentlemen , to bed , for at daybreak , I will ... Breakfast .
And on Boxing Day , we went to the top of Skidby Windmill and I got badge . No , you got '' a '' badge . Edward ?
# To call for hands of above to lean on # Would n't be good enough for me # To call for hands of above to lean on
[ man 2 ] You already know my name . - I 'd like you to tell me what it is anyway . - [ man 2 ] Why ?
He 's got some pictures of us ? How hard did she hit you ? It 's the restaurant we torched .
KIRSTY : Morello , it 's not too late . Just another imposter .
Rules little Josh out , then . - Anyone heard of a Donkey Punch ? - Yeah , man , sweet .
So we 're cool . It 's still down there somewhere ! Okay , let 's go look .
We know what we 're doing with you . Half the time with him , we do n't know what we 're doing . We 're poor little sheep that have lost our way .
I 'd be perfect here ' cause I love music . She put it in the fucking paper . Listen , mate , I do a very specific kind of music here .
Five ways . He engineered the getaway car . So we 'll give him a mechanic 's wage .
? You 'll make a hole in the yard ... ? You OK ?
So ... Is that where you lived your whole life ? No !
Have fun . I can stay if you want me to Dane . I do n't want you to stay .
Friggin ' heck ! - Come on , Blue , in you get . - Come on , Blue !
This is it . Come , come , Mr . Bond , you get just as much pleasure from killing as I do . Come , come , Mr . Bond , you get just as much pleasure from killing as I do .
Delivery from Bobby . I have got what are now the world 's most expensive bolt cutters being taxied in from Edinburgh . They 'll be here in a couple of hours .
I never knew you felt that way . Not the kisses , the punch . That little shit had it coming .
Where are you going ? Well , that 's what I wanted to talk to you all about . Out with it .
I 've worked too fucking hard to let your brother fuck it all up . This way , everyone gets their lives back . Not everyone .
Do n't let him hear you . He 'll make us go to bed . I want to stay up and play .
There has to be a solution . Why do n't you put it on Facebook or something ? Twitter 's so much better than Facebook .
... everyone 's getting therapy . I think some people could really be helped with it . - Not me .
No . No , this casino is a one-night offer . We have to do it tonight .
What are you doing this Sunday afternoon ? I was going to go through the accounts of Roche Abbey . It 's a ... it 's a Cistercian house .
Where 's the tape ? It 's gon na fucking take forever . Oh , fuck it hurts .
Michael Sheen could n't play Alan Partridge . Michael Sheen could n't play Pauline Calf . All right ?
My name 's Michael Caine . That is where you are so wrong , and you can look at my live video to prove ... because that 's the very thing I do n't do . I say that he used to talk like that .
I do n't fucking know , all right ? - Chris , I 'm going to pick a tap . If you choose , Gemma 's got a 50-50 chance of surviving .
Yeah . I 'm sorry to have to tell you , but last night Mr Leonard Attwell was involved in a very serious incident . Len ?
This is fucking fucked up . It 's what you said , Chris. `` Truth or Dare , bitch ! '' It 's what you said to Felix !
Yeah ! That somebody always gets in trouble too . It 's Bensonville ?
Um ... yes , I think I would . Do you mind excusing me ? I could come as well if you want .
Ordinary stuff . Irwin had never been on the back of a bike before , so ... maybe going around the corner he leaned out instead of in and so unbalanced Hector . Trust him to lean the opposite way to everyone else .
Here you go . You sure you do n't want a pain au chocolat ? - Yes , thank you .
Not for long . You 've been a bit angry , though , have n't you ? Yeah .
'You 're like a breath of fresh air , Tanya . ' I think I love you . ' I do . '
A riot . You give them music , we all in this together . TYKO :
Bloke in Scarborough hung himself in his sporting goods shop . Yeah , but people do n't need sporting goods . They 're always going to get old , are n't they ?
It 's just been a little heavy . Have you seen my girls ? I 've been looking all over for you two .
# I 'm so excited ... - It would be amazing to fly , would n't it ? - You reckon ?
It 's true , though , sir . We do n't have much time . We do n't even have to do French .
When I kill , I kill for queen and country , though I admit , killing you ... Come , come , Mr . Bond , you derive just as much ... Sorry , you derive just as much pleasure from killing as I do .
It saw you . You should n't have done it . You should n't have opened it !
I caught your work the other day . I was watching the television in my room , and I said , `` Who is this guy ?
It would definitely do Shanko . Unless you give me , what I want . I am gon na start playing and watch your fucking family burn .
A commitment to me . You can come in here night and day . It could be somewhere you can call home .
I do n't know what you 're talking about . ( Hicock ) Oh , I bet it did . I bet you buzzed off it , did n't ya ?
I hear my ex-wife was violated in the street . I said , '' Knowing my ex-wife , it was probably not a moving violation . '' Hello ?
Where I 'm from , someone comes for you , you need to be tooled up or they 're going to fucking merc you . So is that what happened , Carl ? You were just defending yourself ?
Are you all right ? Do you want to come and sit down ? Come and sit here .
I moved up . I 've left loads of messages for you . What ?
♪ Be the one that I love ♪ ♪ Andi will see your frown In the furrows of the mud ♪ ♪ Make me weak at the knees ♪
You were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off . She was only 15 years old . Oh , my God .
Yeah , kind of . It 's ... they 've offered me a lead in a drama . Oh , wow .
I had to tell you . Jesus , you better come in . - Well ?
Can someone inform me what the hell you think you 're playing at ? I 'm stuck up here on my own with nothing to keep my trousers up with ! Welcome home .
To be precise , it was an old military bayonet . Mr Attwell never served in the forces . No .
What 's all this stuff , Harvey ? - She surprised me at the door . - And you let her in ?
I will let you into a little secret , boys . There is no such thing as general studies . General studies is a waste of time .
He 's been back a couple of days now and we still have n't , um ... - Think he might 've lost interest ? - In you ?
Yeah , you do , probably . Everybody wants the girl that nobody can get . Do you want to be Shakin ' Stevens or Elvis ?
I thought we 'd try and avoid the A roads , right , and go up the B6255 to Hawes , right , and then cut down through Oughtershaw , Yockenthwaite , Buckden , down the B6160 through Kettlewell , then the B6265 through Grassington to Pateley Bridge , then up to Ramsgill from there , right ? Yes , captain .
Because you wo n't get any better than me . Seriously , the grass may look greener elsewhere . You do n't realise what you 've got .
( sighs ) I assumed you knew . - He handled the boys ' balls ? - I do n't want to spell it out .
We 've got a lot of important things to stay on top of . This is just a little errand . Yes .
Mitch , right ? He left 20 years ago . He 's miles out , and I do n't know where .
OK. Why does n't she let him go if he wants to go ? She should do .
I hate her already . Have n't you got lovely eyes ? - Thanks .
Must be the sound of running water . Shame you wasted your time , though . [ Harvey ] No ...
I still think we should call the police . No , that 's not going to help him , is it ? I do n't know .
But , fortunately , it 's not long before you 're due to retire . In the circumstances , I propose that we bring that forward . I think we should be looking at the end of term .
How bout your genuine Bensonville burger ? How is that one compared to the ... Brooklyn , Boston , Philly burgers ?
My mum loved you . - It was n't your mum I were worried about . But you 're right , my dad never approved of you , so why do you care now ?
Do n't wear that . It 's not really my colour . It 'll look great on you .
( Man ) Thank you very much . That was Claire Miller with the news . Lisa , where were we , brain or brawn ?
Fuck off , Harvey . You 're not having that one . If anyone 's gon na feel sorry for themselves , it 's me , all right ?
Well , maybe one or two . Would you take a card for me , please ? Any card , any card .
No , not at the moment . No , I 'll speak to you later . Okay .
Oh , yes , we walked everywhere . She loved to look at churches and I loved to take photographs . I took some very good colour slides , you know .
You do n't have to come and get me . Do n't you want a game ? Nice weather for one .
# Perplexed again # Thank God I can be oversexed again # Bewitched , bothered and bewildered
Depends which way you look at it . Harvey , promise me you wo n't do anything stupid . I wo n't do anything stupid .
Seriously , I do . I 've been on the road three hours . 20 pound carried from the station , treading through this mud , to follow your fucking GPS .
Get off me . You get away from me ! - Give me the fucking keys !
I 'm off radar from tonight . Auditioning a few more sperm donors . So , Burnsy , will you get me this band ?
Sorry . - Find the kettle and put it on . - Okay .
And not for the better , may I point out . Why do you need me to drive ? You 're the best driver .
Pop it in . Now spread it around on each other . We need a picture of this .
Armando Hyde. `` Armando Hyde , 38 , died Monday , June 11 , `` after a long battle with colon cancer ,
Jeremy ! [ ROCK MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS ] Goddamn it .
My mother 's an idiot . He lies to her , Ryan . He 's the one you should be angry with .
She thinks you 're deaf . Everyone wants to be part of a miracle . I turned the corner , she 's a part of it .
Hi . Thanks for coming over so quickly . No problem .
They just insulate themselves from reality . It 's like they 're looking at life through a windshield , so thick that they could watch a nuclear explosion . I do n't even have a glass in mine ... and the wind 's whipping me and making my eyes teary , and I can barely even keep them open .
Why 'd I have to go showing off like that ? Now I 'm all over his radar . Stupid .
Are they real ? Are they built for speed or for comfort ? What 'd you do with them ?
But you know what ? It also led me to you . So it 's hard for me to completely regret it .
Mr. Beckworth was found dead in his home with another person . There are conflicting reports that the other person was a police officer or former police officer ? He was a cadet for a short time before his dismissal .
Well , there 's the company that we have where we 're taking the fur or the wool from sheep and we turn it into thread for homeless people to sew . And then they make it into cloth , which they in turn sew then make little shirts and pants for other homeless people to sell . It 's a pretty good deal .
Jesus Christ . We had a moment at the dinner table . We did not have a moment at the dinner table .
Way to point out the obvious , Bill . I just do n't get why you would think that I would know if that 's bad or not . It 's a misunderstanding .
It does n't hold water . You ca n't expect me to believe that her parents think that she would intentionally hurt Erik . Well , that is absolutely crazy talk .
Shlomo would like me to take him to the bathroom , then get him some crab cakes . So , yeah , no , that 's not ... Okay , okay .
Good . Uh , chocolate sugar twist , three doughnut holes and a black coffee . Yeah .
But I 've never gotten that chance . Maybe I do n't deserve it . So here goes .
Hey . Got the downloads from Dillon 's hard drive . It 's as bad as they say it is ?
I thought it was something special . There 's a ferry leaving in 10 minutes . I suggest you be on it .
We need to focus up ! I have to leave , help the princess . What ?
Well , you know , it would n't be the same without you . I 'm so glad you came . And then he starts just swimming around with this pitiful ...
You know , it 's -- it 's kind of exciting . It 's like a new world . I mean , I do n't know if it 'll even ever happen again but I think it was just maybe ' cause I 'm available ?
She has a theory about the black man in America . She says that because of the system of racism he 's been made to think of himself as a baby a not-yet fully formed being who has n't realized his full potential . To support her claim , she offers the following :
You know , I 'm trying to scare you . Oh , you 're doing a good job . So be smart .
Men use women , women use men . Just accept that you 'll be used . But if you feel so used that you got nothing left if the man ai n't giving you the energy you need to love him even when he 's acting like a bastard , you need to let go .
This is just between us . I see how you look when you come around . You saying you do n't want to hit this ?
I 'm only gon na get , like , 20 minutes to swim now . Well , I can pick Ede up after tae kwon do and then I can- - I can bring her over to you later .
Well , we 're -- we 're ... We 're not actually divorced yet . Hmm .
And she 's crazy . You are a very sweet man . Bless you .
I 'm gon na have me a man . A man who wants to be with me and my baby and have a family . A real man , Jody .
Remember to put the weeds in the compost pile . You doing nothing but bossing me around . I think I 'll plant some summer squash next year .
That -- that means it 's over . I mean , apparently she 's been working on that for a while . Gosh , what -- what happened ?
'Cause I think that you are a really good father . Do you really think so ? Mm-hmm .
Open up . - You 're gon na have my baby . - Leave my mommy alone !
He could be crazy . Is he a killer like Henry ? Why do n't you get an L-7 boyfriend ?
Well , come on , you do n't have to go . ¶ But keep the old ¶ ¶ Make new friends but keep the old ¶
You did what ? I think I swallowed my tooth . Your tooth ?
Sometimes , I would pretend like she was my baby instead of my sister . Uhm , you know that your mom is seriously stressed and Walter and I do n't think she should leave until she 's feeling better . We feel responsible for you .
Mr. Blevin . Have you seen our new trees ? Just got them in .
[ inaudible conversation ] [ chanting and drumming stops ] [ cheering and clapping ] [ fire crackling ] [ tribe elder ] My relatives .
♪ Anytime you feel downhearted ♪ ♪ That will prove your love for me is true ♪ [ piano stops playing ] [ audience claps ] That was really good .
Oh you forgot one . Uh I have a donation . [ Gasp ]
We 're just so happy you 're here . We want you to have a wonderful time . It 's not like we 're on vacation , Aunt Bitsy .
You are the furthest- Living in a town where the only excitement that happens is for a few days during Christmas were you direct a pageant that is actually more fun the worst it is ?
They were detonated over Japan , in August , 1945 . Now , these are the only two atomic weapons ever used in warfare . They represent one of the greatest scientific achievements of all time .
You know , her mother is in my Thursday book group . And her father , Bud Albertson , is a world class physicist . Is n't that right Walter ?
I have the feeling he 's a lucky guy . [ cash register beeps ] [ quietly ] Not really . [ sniffs flower ]
Christmas ? Yeah try telling my kid that . He 's been crying all day
[ music continues ] [ Davey ] In the summer , this was the home of the Tiwa people . Over 800 years ago .
Are you okay ? It 's ... it 's probably the altitude . I mean , you 're new here .
I was thinking maybe you and I could get together and ... hammer it out . Maybe we can discuss it at the party . You and Ted are going to be there , right ?
! You need to stop taking these ! Yeah , I have to stop taking them .
A mistake . Promise me you wo n't do anything ... Look Meg .
I got ta go . Tell Jane I 'll uh , see her around school . I just drank a little too much .
I think ... the crazy thing is just way too perfect . You do n't say it like a compliment . It 's not .
feels disconnected ... He or she may fail . The medicine wheel ...
Let me do . Let me do let me finish it off . Let me finish it off .
I could n't . I just wish I knew what to do . Remember that you 're alive .
Bond Villain . How many times have I fired you today ? Mmm I stopped counting when I ran out of fingers .
Goodbye . [ slow piano music ] [ birds chirping ] [ music continues ]
Yeah ? Well I 'm full of good ideas for how the town can raise funds . Oh yeah ?
[ Davey ] I wish you were here . I miss you so much . [ car pulls up ]
I just want you to know I did n't decide any of this . I did n't ask for any of it . It just happened .
From my father . [ Walter ] Yeah I should have guessed . You want to end up like him ?
I 'm not the one playing twenty questions . You know , you ca n't just accept rides from boys , Davey . He 's not just some boy .
Larry , make sure you have plenty of beef , okay ? Got ta bulk up for the season . Love you .
Yeah , I 'm your sexy little wormhole ! ( GINGER GIGGLING AND EDDY LAUGHING ) ( THUDDING THEN ALL LAUGH )
I ca n't believe you read my e-mails . Brendan , I love you but we have to learn to respect each other 's privacy in this house . Who 's Jim ?
Every time I see her she tells me about her '' friend Jim . '' And , '' Oh , I just have meet Jim . '' Well , she 's a liar and an idiot .
Getting to tell her how much I love her . Are you allowed to do that with anyone else ? Am I allowed ?
I just had to make sure . For my wife and for my kids . And for your kids .
Look , children . The bush pig has lost its parents so is being cared for by Mama and Papa Lion . Even in nature there are blended families .
Lauren , when you went away to Africa , I did a lot of thinking . You and I , we have so much history together . Two boys .
Why did n't you catch me ? I was supposed to catch you ? Who am I , Batman ?
Jim . What 's going on in the sweater ? Just for the articles ?
Yeah ! Hitting them with the hard questions . I like it .
No . Do you remember his name ? Of course I remember his name .
( sighs ) You 're the guys that put him away . So , why should we talk to someone from State Homicide ?
How you dealing with it ? Well , we 're kind of like roommates . The loss .
Okay . We got a rape three blocks away . What time was the killing ?
You know what you want . Sometimes I know what I want . You know what you want right now .
JESSE : I thought he should hear this . He 's a dog .
She did . So then , why ca n't I go home ? Public drunkenness is illegal .
It is . May I see your badge ? What 's your name ?
Was Cindy self-medicating ? That 's between the patient and her doctor . And her doctor would be ?
Do you know what violets smell like ? No , but I 'm sure violets would smell that way if I 'd ever smelled a violet . I do n't mean this in any negative way , but you are maybe the simplest person I 've ever met .
BUTLER : Detective Gammon , can I talk to you for a moment ? We do n't have detectives , sir .
Most golden retrievers live for affection . He never seems to want any . Think he has issues .
Sir , if you would care to read the transcripts of the Town Council meeting , I think that you would find that former Chief Stone was granted early retirement . How generous .
Cindy did not commit suicide . It does n't really matter if it was an accidental overdose or suicide . There 's clearly no sign of foul play .
So ... because there 's just so many changes in dynamics and tempo and all of that , so we just want to be sure that we support what you 're doing and not , sort of , overburden it with too many other metaphors , I guess . Yeah , and I think because there 's already so much structurally with the choreography , I think it 's okay for that to kind of , like , stand on its own in certain cases .
I feel like you 're a little late , just , like ... - I feel like you 're behind her . - Yeah .
I think that would be nice . Because then you could see his neck and his chest a little bit . Neck and your arms .
Can we come out onstage ? Girl , you got nothing to worry about . Yeah , if it comes out , it 's cute .
That was nice . - Sometimes if I get too much ... - Yeah , it can ...
Can we try it from the ... - I mean , do you want to try it ? - Yeah , from the repeat ?
Ster , in that pirouette , it 's a pancake moment . Yeah , Sterling and Amar , there 's just always this weird ... - Like , a pancake moment .
Yeah . For his arms so he does n't look so ... - Did you fold that in ?
and this is my third ... - You know what I 'm saying ? - Yeah .
It 's four , five , six . - One , two , three , I think . - Two or three .
My only concern , and it would have nothing to do with you , is that it 's a lot of look . There 's a lot of , like , things happening . So , like , even when the whole group is doing one thing , it 's ... it does n't become as , like , solid as it would
Yeah , do n't just drop her , okay ? Pick her up , and put her down in a new spot . Okay .
So you understand my mood , understand why I 'm out here committing felonies today . There are some very dark things happening and I 've got this lonely feeling like I 'm the only one who knows , the only one who can do anything about it . Everybody 's got a ghost story ,
Now shut up and do n't move . Things are in motion , huh ? - Huh .
but before you think about flashing that nine on me , yo , you better listen to what I 's gots to say . As I was saying , yo ... Listen to me , dude .
No no no no . You ... you made me see something . You made me see something out of my own head .
There are two people still alive from last night other than me , Fred Chu and your girlfriend Amy . Wait .
Oh my God ! To process the magnanimity that is Korrok for your simpler , we have translated the following images into a format that we think that you will find more familiar . I believe in your world they 're called cartoons .
Yeah . Someone with an electron microscope . Right ?
Prophecy has foretold the coming of strangers from another world . It is an honor to meet you . I must confess I do not know from where you came , but I can tell by looking at you that you have not been infected with the great disease .
No . You know we 'll find out anyway , right ? I 'm not interested in booking a bunch of your raver buddies for popping pills .
You do n't want to touch that . You should n't have come here . - You called me .
Is he right ? My name is David Wong . I once saw a man 's kidney grow tentacles , tear itself out of a ragged hole in his back and go slapping across my kitchen floor .
No no no , we 're in the same business . - We got a direct line . Here .
And I can tell that she 's closed her eyes to shut me out . You know , I become like an intruder . And behind those closed lids , you know , her eyes are now rolled all the way around and staring intently inward into some void where I , who sent them , ca n't follow .
And quite frankly , I 'm not interested in discussing any further some paper that exemplifies some pent-up , overdeveloped teen angst . I 'm impressed my paper got to you like that .
I 'm in the middle of work . You ca n't just walk right into the room . I just want to know why you hate it so much .
Victor Frankl 's Man 's Search For Meaning ? It 's a great , great book . But it comes out of his experience .
I wear nothing white , not one white thing . I eliminate in silence or not at all . I tip .
That 's all I ever get , is this face , this remorseful face of yours . You had the same face when you left . You just stood there with this look .
Like that . Because , you know , at this point , I 'm starting to get that I 'm coming off as kind of creepy , you know .
Nor is any of this all that different than a man sizing up an attractive girl at a concert and pushing all the right buttons to induce her to come home with him and lighting her cigarettes and engaging in an hour of post-coital chitchat , seemingly very content and close . But what he really wants to do is give her a special disconnected telephone number and never contact her again .
Edie Sedgwick thing works , you know ? It 's kind of , like , it 's edgy , but it 's distinctive . That 's great .
And in this heightened state , she said she could feel the psychotic realizing the truth of the situation at the same time she did . When he came over to her and turned her over , he was crying . And she claimed it took no effort of will to hold him as he wept as he raped her .
Welcome to the nurturing center . Shall I convene the others ? - Yes .
You can change things . You can make things better . It was life .
I got him , lily . Jonas used a word so antiquated that it no longer has any application , okay ? If you asking ...
Groundskeeper . Thank you for your childhood . You feel I have made a mistake .
A real one , with your legs . At the bottom of the hill , I saw something .
Do n't skip ahead . Did you notice anything about it ? Yes .
Simply stated , though it is n't really simple at all , I will transmit you all the memories that I hold within me . Memories of the past .
You 're receiver of memory . Maybe I can show you . Okay , grab a tray .
If ever there 's a person born to work at the nurturing center . I could be surprised , right ? Jonas , if you have to guess of all the positions the elders peek for me .
Stay down . I ca n't see them , man ! 'Cause they 're in the trees .
Come on . Now , this might seem a little funny , but you got to trust me . Okay , sit down on the tray .
What are you doing ? Asher , please , let us go . I ca n't .
We will find Jonas . Jonas , our receiver of memory , lost to the edge . Jonas .
Yes , you are looking at one such individual . And I have willingly loved that man for over three miserable years . The absolute worst years of my life .
Where do they speak English ? `` Click on a town or city . '' Let 's see .
No , she listed this cottage on a home-exchange website and I found it . We switched houses for two weeks . For the holiday .
She finished in Santa Fe after two days and has been staying with whatever-his-name-was . Which means she 's been right here in town . When I spoke to her this morning on her cell and she said :
Okay , pound right here . This was an amazing night . Arthur Abbott is maybe the last of the great Hollywood writers from that generation .
Graham , I 'm leaving in nine days . And that makes this complicated . And I 'm not sure I can handle complicated right now .
And what I want is you . I was n't expecting '' I love you . '' Can you not look at me like that ?
The handicapped without the advantage of a great parking space . Yes , you are looking at one such individual . And I have willingly loved that man for over three miserable years .
Thank you . One , two , three , four , five . What ?
Or if you are , I 'm much drunker than I realized . I 'm sorry for my profanity . I was n't expecting you .
What I meant was , do you give massive notes , or ... ? The better the writer , the less notes . - And what 'd you study in school ?
Had to . Oh , Jasper , I really do n't understand this . I mean ...
And I 'm not gon na have a conversation about sex because I ca n't remember the last time we did it . Come on , nobody has time for sex . That 's not entirely true .
Wine , maybe ? I think there 's a bottle of brandy . Fancy a glass ?
A very very bad guy , all right ? And for a good reason . You think that 's a rationalization , right ?
Fuck you . Do n't touch or do anything . You got it ?
It 's not what you expect . It 's never going to be . It could n't be .
Lem me holla at you real quick . I thought you was going back to school , B . Come on , Tango .
Get a real fucking job , man . Well , what if you turn on the news tonight and she 's dead ? - Hmm ?
Time . You keep saying that shit , but you know that I 've put in more than e-fucking-nough . What 's happening ?
Get your shit together . Oh , yeah , there you go . There you go .
He 's setting me up ! He is setting this whole thing up ! Which I realize is exactly what a crazy person would say but that explains my situation .
You should turn this off . You do n't like this song ? Oh , no , I love this song .
Yes , I am . I look for fulfilling work all the time . I just happen to be taking a break whenever you 're around .
Hey , Mrs. lopan , it 's Alec . I just really need to borrow your plunger . It 's kind of an emergency .
so ... Why did you major in premed if you did n't want to go into medicine ? I always thought I 'd change it , but then I graduated .
Mm-hmm . We say whatever 's on our mind , that 's the deal . Okay , we should film it .
And then -- oh , oh , you did find my g-spot , but kind of like a drive-by , which was cool , but then you kept going . And I so wanted you to stop . Oh , okay , all right .
Really pretty . Uh , anyway , so this is me . Soak it in , um , and this is my apartment .
I have this -- I got the desk . '' Because , man , there 's another desk . Like there 's always going to be something more that your ambition is telling you that you need so it 's the next thing , and then when you get that , there 's another thing .
That was quick . I ca n't say that , okay . What if we tried again ?
I 'm not calling you a slut ! I 'm calling you a girl who went over to a stranger 's house at midnight . If only there was a word for someone who does that .
I do n't even want to hear you guys say it . Listen , if we knew that he was going to be here I would have warned you .
Yeah , I know . I found the note in the trash . I have the note right here .
( Chuckling ) You know , I used to smoke back in college . But one summer , I walked in on my parents smoking out of a vaporizer and watching Italian porn .
I 've been planning a job . It 's not some backstreet , sleight-of-hand scam or a con . Okay .
Who made you so fucking scared that you 'd rather die ? Than have him find out what happened . Show me with your eyes , Felix .
You want to be careful , you know ? You do n't want the kids jumping about expressing themselves . A bit dangerous .
Knock on the door , OK . Put your foot down on the clutch . Put it in first gear .
Just go away , just go ! I was just explaining about the private party . This is n't ...
I think he 's a creep . Oh , you should write that in his birthday card . Did , uh , you just use the word '' maternal '' to describe me ?
If you wanted to talk , man , you 're just gon na have to come out . Look , I 'll be honest with you . I ca n't swim .
Lake , I 'm sorry . [ UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING IN DISTANCE ] You know what ?
Where are they then ? Life is ridiculous and boring , before you move here . I 'd better go .
They put you through college , pay your fees . - Provided you kill people afterwards . We wo n't go to war again .
I just wan na say I 'm sorry , again . If you can give me a call back , that 'd be great . Love you loads .
Hey , wow . Rob 's was a very entertaining version , but I do n't think ... I do n't think it was as accurate as mine .
Uh ... listen , are you free next week to go away ? Where ?
Cheers . And a Happy New Year . When a man grows old and his balls grow cold , and the tip of his prick turns blue when it bends in the middle like a one-stringed fiddle , he can tell us a tale or two .
Thank you . I think he 'll be all right . - Of course .
( News signature tune ) Good morning , this is Clare Miller with your early morning news update . FormerMP Alan Peters will begin his three-year sentence for fraud , today .
It 's not Lucifer . There are two fallen angels before Lucifer . - There is Enrahah , Raziel and Lucifer .
Thank you very much . Check on two covers , lunch menu , please . That 's a big piece of popcorn , is n't it ?
You 've been trained . - Come and see my roses ! - Oh , lovely .
Sorry . - I 'm trying to get some sleep . Dixie .
Oh , heavy night last night , was it ? That 's what I like to hear . Good boy .
I 'm Julie . Nice to meet you , Julie . With my brother Dane , and my mom Susan .
Good idea . He 's got your eyes , look . - Cheers , Poppy .
You all right , Demps ? Not bad , Harvey , not bad . Look at you .
Tippett , or Broekman . - But I do n't know them . - May I make a silly suggestion ?
What ? They do n't even try to hide it now . I found a needle in the toilets last week .
# Counting on being alone # But our love broke through # I was running to catch the door
Russell . Or a licence plate on his head ? Reg .
Good . If you need to talk , tell me . - It 's that man at the station , is n't it ?
He is 28 . Tout comprendre , c'est tout pardonner . - Rudge , I 'd forgotten you .
My car . Oh , you got your car back . Well , that 's fantastic .
But I did speak to him on the night of the party and he was gentle , Justin . He was vulnerable and lonely , but he had a kind soul . He would n't want this .
We have to beat them ! We do n't have to beat them . Are you gon na behave yourself today , Joe ?
Cheers . So , you 've spoken to Mum , then ? Yeah , I spoke to her last Sunday .
Everything in order ? - Yeah , looks to be fine . As you know , Detective , everything has a weakness .
Actually I was born in Queens . And the ... we moved to Philly ( Philadelphia ) , Boston , DC ( Washington ) and then back to Brooklyn .
I 'll let him go . - You want me to sh-shoot him ? - Wake up , Luke !
This should be a piece of cake . Fingers on buzzers , here 's the first course . Start the clock .
`` That 's what you do . You wait until you 're famous and then you kill yourself . - '' And then you become even more famous . ''
Edward . That 's the name of the animal . [ ALL LAUGH ]
Hey . - Oh , what a lovely house . Are you all right ?
Nope ! But I still do n't want to stay here tonight . You guys can stay at my place .
It troubles me when our clients forget the protection insurance we offer . That may happen to some of your other men , like Sebastian , but we will always deliver . Yeah , even if it means burning down a restaurant .
Do they ? They 're not , they 're not , they 're not , they 're not ! They 're not , you know ?
Great . You should ask an adult to help you . I do n't know any .
Well , you know , just about the kids on the estate . ( Frampton ) Did he mention any names ? No .
It 's beginning to look a bit like Christmas . A lot like Christmas , Dodd . Come on , man !
What is it ? I would like to have children . - Who with ?
You did n't come to McGinty 's . - No , I could n't make it . - Okay .
Though Dakin likes girls , basically . I sympathised , though not so much as to suggest I might be in the same boat . - With Dakin ?
So you might have noticed a little change to our usual lineup . Morello 's developed a nasty growth on her right hand . FAN :
Pull the trigger . ( Officer ) Do you have a clear target ? ( Indistinct radio response )
What are we telling them ? What the fuck is going on ? Can you hear me ?
He says ... and I learned this , right ? I refuse to accept that I 'm better than Jack Lemmon , than Peter Sellers , than whoever else the other one was . He could have turned down the award .
Right , but that was months ago . - You sure it 's such a big deal ? - Yeah , it was to her .
Do you like the architecture , for instance ? But they 'll ask me about sport , wo n't they ? If you 're as uncommunicative as this , they may be forced to .
When we were younger , you know , we ... Name any city in Europe and we 'd been there , you know ? We drove there in a car .
Dix francs . Pour dix francs , je peux vous montrer ma prodigieuse poitrine . ( Timms ) Ah , non , non , non ... ( knocking )
Listen , it 's packed out there . There 's people being turned away and they 're out on the street . Let 's do this thing , let 's just do it .
♪ This tainted love you 've given I give you all a girl could give you ♪ ♪ Take my keep And that 's not nearly all ♪ ♪ Tainted love ♪
Fucking seen us , ai n't they ? I 'll throw you down the rope , OK ? Grab it .
And when I get home , my kid brother 's found swinging from the rafters . The groundsman cut him down . True story .
Ah , you 're old , man . What , did you get bullied at school ? Was it a classic one ?
How am I doing ? - Foot down on the brake . Clutch .
Shropshire , Herefordshire. `` The open road , the dusty highway . '' `` Travel , change , interest , excitement . '' Poop-poop !
`` Madam , this is a ladies bike . It does n't have a crossbar . '' You see she thought she was sitting on the crossbar all the way from Keighley .
Yeah . - You 'll be lost in bubbles ? - Yeah !
Bloody hell . The waiter could play it . But how well are you gon na play it ?
He 's been learning skills , mate . Skills at the hands of the Bluemaster . Oh , really ?
Marcus ? We have to be in International Waters before we do this . This ship is registered in Panama , so once we 're over that line in International Waters , we 're under Panamanian law .
You kill me here without facing me on the street ... And you 'll be known for what you are ... Scum .
! - Why did n't you say anything ? - It 's really embarrassing .
So it was an accident ? She had too much to drink . Went outside to clear her head .
I 've been moving since 1917 ! I ca n't do anything else . ( Music restarts )
Bye-bye . - All right , see you , Mum . How 's Mischa ?
`` Never mind all the talk of inventiveness and variety , `` the result was as formulaic as McDonald 's `` with the same splatter of Technicolor bird shit on every plate . ''
All right . So how about you , then , our fearless leader ? You 're awfully quiet .
Listen , get back to work you boys . This is n't an olderly camp . We 've got clients to please .
They 're stupid . Why are we going so early ? Because I want to take in Bolton Abbey and then quickly say hi to my parents .
This cross-eyed little herbert turned up and yanked me back out . That 's what you should be saying sorry for . ?
I 'll get my revenge for Mickey . He was a good man . You could 've learned a lot from him ...
I 'll show you . I 'm going to call Mr Zigic . You teach him a lesson .
Yes . No , he 's the man who comes and does my boiler . Yes , he 's an actor .
We can do this . And he fucking laughs around . True .
The man who has lived fully ... Is prepared to die at any time . To Mickey .
You know I 've got to say when I was a little girl ... I was pretty scared about monsters that I thought was under my bed . Oh o ...
♪ Just to be the man Who walks a thousand miles ♪ ♪ To fall down at your door ♪ ♪ Da , da , da Da , da , da ♪
Is that what happened ? Hold on , I have seen this guy before . Fucking Freddy Krueger , innit ?
It 's not looking ... What do you mean it 's not looking good ? I got to have her on the front page right now !
I do n't need to know . I 'd rather that it be a mystery . Oh , do n't run it .
Fuck off and find her . - Leave me to my painkillers . - Is it really bad ?
♪ I 've seen you grown massive ♪ ♪ My tiny one ♪ ♪ And I feel now your yearning ♪
Exploring . Do not make it a big night . We have a gig tomorrow , right ?
But it 's an old folks ' homo ! Oh , God , what 's that smell ? - Eew !
That 's half the estate . Lot less people to stumble on what we 're doing . Pigging hell !
How do we get into the safe room ? - I 'll take care of that . Oh , you take care of that ?
♪ Talking about the tainted love ♪ ♪ Talking about the tainted love ♪ ♪ Talking about the tainted love ♪
# Fool # both : # Playing by the rules # # The winner takes it all # # The winner takes it all #
Or go home and jump in your hole . Or you 're scared you are going to lose . Nice splash .
Yes . He does n't think it 's surprising . Though Dakin likes girls , basically .
Is the ... Is the ground still there ? Look- ground !
There wo n't be time for anyone on the outside to get to us . - How do we get into the safe room ? - I 'll take care of that .
? If it should rain , we 'll let it But for ... ? ( Whispers ) Annie ...
But you did n't . You just sat there crying ! Even when the policeman heard us , when he fell !
Would you just please come home alright ! I got to go to work . Listen , sweetheart , honey .
What ? - She just had a little makeup on . Do n't worry about it .
Marcus ... Anyone says anything , we 'll say we 're emptying the bilge tanks . Sounds like a plan .
How 's Mimi ? - Well , I 've got to go . Oh , okay .
Hey , Tyko ! Get this fucked-up fool off me ! Whoa , whoa , whoa , hey .
I mean , literaly pissed myself . Actually there on the spot . He 's swinging a fucking chairs .
We can help each other . - You want me to help you ? Listen .
This is Dr. Newman . We work at the hospital together . It 's Travis .
TYKO : I 'm serious , they 're classic movies , right ? I got the whole back catalog remastered on Blu-ray .
Oh yeah , I knew . I think his dad gave it to him . - He showed it to me .
( Carl ) No comment . I know you 're scared , Mark , but I ca n't help you if you do n't tell me the truth . I ai n't scared .
You want a go ? - Do n't know how to do it . - It 's easy .
Jump in the water ! It 's alight in the fucking water ! Do something !
Scoot in the back . Take care of her , Toby . - Prick !
Thank you . Tuna followed by the cod , please . And then the cod .
Do n't make me call this geezer , yeah ? I 'm telling you now , do n't make me call him . Yeah , I 'm being serious .
It 's a chocolate inverted comma . He 's got an ironic dessert . Thank you .
That 's ridiculous . While we were driving you just said you wanted to hit him . - Yeah , I wan na hit everyone !
( Woman sobbing ) ( Woman ) Can you phone the ambulance ? !
Step away from the bed . You look after him , right ? That 's your job .
? The wheels on the bus go round and round ?
Oh , you 're welcome . But there 'll be affection there . I 'd ...
Er , Dakin 's a good-looking boy , though somehow sad . You always think they 're sad , Hector . Every , every time .
Oh , leave it out . - You should give her a ring . - I spoke to her .
Give us your whatsit 's doo-dah there . You 're not going to leave , are you ? Why do you write so much on your arms ?
Yeah . [ MODEST MOUSE 'S '' THE GOOD TIMES ARE KILLING ME '' PLAYING ] We 're kind of trying to have a moment .
Well , I 'll be buggered . Do n't put your finger in it ! One out .
Everywhere you go . Look at this place , it stinks . Come on .
A lone walker . Wandered lonely as a cloud . Yeah , well , that sounds a bit like I 'm lonely .
I need to know what happened . So ... there 's no party and it 's just us , and what , this is some sort of set up ? You 're his friends .
I do n't know . I wish we had n't talk to him . What you guys do today ?
You know when someone dies and they go to the funeral and they say , you know , `` We should have done this he was alive . He would have loved this . ''
Are you alright , mate ? I 'm good , I 'm good , I 'm good . You 're looking stoosh .
I 've recommended you and they 've accepted . Take the weekend for yourself , Alice . Good luck .
I knew that he was still alive inside . I knew that he 'd be ashamed of what he did , ashamed of his weakness . I knew that he 'll tell me who 's to blame
I understand things are going rather slowly with the stabbing of the pensioner ? You 're aware of the shooting on Curzon Street , two dead ? As of now , we 're forming Operation Blue Jay .
I want to leave Jem . It ca n't go on like this . It 's not good for her or Joe .
And I got nowhere else to go . Do you know where Horsey is now ? No , I do n't .
♪ Lay my head on the ground ♪ ♪ There wo n't be a sound As the dawn comes down ♪ ♪ And the leaking clouds ♪
Whoo ! I think we need to go away after this . Yes .
Well , that is a honey trap for morsels of food . That is an open invitation . A bit of food sees that , he goes running towards it .
That 's a bit unkind . Giles Coren in The Times. `` Love is not strong enough to describe what I felt
I do n't know . - I just wanted to tell you , that 's all . - No , it 's fine , fine .
They 're all pictures of ghosts . When they took that , there was no one there . Apart from that bloke .
A question is about what you know , it 's not about what you do n't know . A question about Rembrandt , for instance , might prompt an answer on Degas . - Is Degas an old master ?
I do n't know . - I want your honest opinion . Honestly , I do n't know .
Brilliant . If you can give him a call , let him know I 'm here . Dixie .
Do n't make it more difficult than it has to be . ( Jean ) What 's all this about ? ( Hicock ) Where is he ?
Well , it 's none of my business , but I thought she was very unreasonable . Catherine manages to put me on the back foot from '' hello . '' It 's extraordinary skill .
As per . Except I managed to get my bag down . I think he thought he 'd got me going , but , in fact , it was my Tudor Economic Documents , Volume Two .
Come on . Go , go , go , go , go . Come on .
Here ... Here 's one for the ferryman . It 's Mark Twain .
'What I deserve is these crippled legs . And reflect on what I 've done ... ' ( Snoring )
Yes . Do n't worry , it 's burnt in there . You remember .
Yeah , sure we could rustle one up . - You good at drawing , Nick ? - Yeah .
Well , they keep telling us you have to lie . ( Lockwood ) I have a feeling Kafka was good at table tennis . - I 'll see you tomorrow .
Just kidding . Your boyfriend gave you that ? - Why ?
Put the phone down ! Acting on an anonymous tip-off , your boys came flying into the house armed with a search warrant . It took them about 30 seconds to find the 200g of heroin
A gunshot injury of urgent medical attention . I have the suspect in custody . I 've secured the gun .
Stay where you are . Tell me , is it hard living in a constant state of fear ? You 're fucking flying if you think I 'm scared of you .
Not after everything we 've been through . You 've come a long way . Yeah .
Hello , sweetie . You ready for a big adventure ? - Can I have a hug , please ?
? I 'm in the mood for love ?
You 'll be alright . You need a bit pressure on it . Oi , I made a promise to Angie I would take you home , alright ?
George Formby , and Gracie Fields . Dorothy , what has Gracie Fields got to do with anything ? So , the upshot is ...
♪ The tainted love you 've given I give you all a girl could give you ♪ ♪ Take my keep And that 's not nearly all ♪ ♪ Tainted love ♪
Are you not gon na look ? - I got mine last night . - I bet you did .
It 's 7 : 30 , and , no , I ca n't . It 'll take half the day to walk back to the estate . Trust you to inconvenience matters by moving .
We need to get some sort of a system going , you know , about who I 've met before and who I have n't , because they remember meeting me , and I do n't remember meeting them , so that can get embarrassing . - Do you want me to ask her ? - No , no , no .
Mate , mate , mate . A word in your ear-hole . - Not now , mate .
We 've just robbed our boss , your uncle . We did n't know it was his casino . All we have to do is to get those bonds back .
Mm-hm . - We settled the deal with the cars . That takes us to frequent-flyer miles .
Yeah , I like it long . What do you think of the moustache ? Um , let 's see .
Mazel tov , baby ! From my family to yours , mazel tov . Beautiful .
I mean , it 's scary raising kids here . We have to lie to them about everything . There 's so many bad things , bad people , and sometimes I wonder why we try so hard when we 're so clearly outnumbered .
He was young , 22 , 23 , paratrooper , tough son of a bitch . They were being dropped somewhere over France . His chute was damaged by enemy fire , and he lost control and landed on the roof of a house in the middle of the country .
L ... I do n't think you ever believed in anything without those conditions . Not the Easter Bunny .
I want ... I want a back rub . I want to be swept off my feet .
You know , Willy 's father , my husband ... [ GURGLING ] ... was the secretary of state for President Franklin Roosevelt . That must have been so thrilling .
Oh , man , I feel like , '' Wow ! '' It 's like I come over , I do n't know what to expect . I got ta be honest , I come in , it 's like ...
Okay . Okay , have a safe flight . Do n't worry about us .
Yeah , it 's a labor of love , you know . Six months , it 's ... it 's a big job . So did you come here to admire my house , or you , uh ... you gon na take me up on my offer , you know , picnic , a drink , dinner ?
You think you can do that ? John , I was first team , all-state . I can put the ball wherever I want to .
There are conflicting reports that the other person was a police officer or former police officer ? He was a cadet for a short time before his dismissal . Oan you tell us why he was dismissed ?
Do n't you fucking get up . - Sack , will you just stop ? - Okay , okay .
It 's easy , okay ? Just tell her the truth . Listen , in human relations , kindness and lies are worth a thousand truths .
Pal , there 's gon na be over 200 single women at this wedding . Not to mention , they got three live bands they got oysters , snacks , phenomenal finger food . I 'm tired , okay ?
You met her at a funeral . Yeah , I 'll throw in a wedding every now and then , but funerals are insane . The chicks are so horny , it 's not even fair .
Okay . You have a good day . Thank you .
I would have noticed if there was a moment . I made you a painting . What ?
I mean , that was perfect , right ? Well , what proof do we have that they didn'tjust meet during the war in a less dramatic way ? You must have told me that story a hundred times when I was little .
I have known this couple for many years . Deborah I 've actually known for her entire life . I was at her house when her parents brought her home from the hospital and I was there the day she graduated from medical school .
Great . Tell her hello for me . - Okay .
This congregation really does n't care about how depressing your life is , John , okay ? Claire , baby , could you go back up on the altar so we can have a wedding ? I 'm sorry .
His chute was damaged by enemy fire , and he lost control and landed on the roof of a house in the middle of the country . I guess he got injured somehow , I think from the hard landing from the hole in his chute .
I really am . And I 'll be able to help out more with Ede . Otto .
Plant this shit in my garden ? - Are you saying I planted this ? Who else ?
Are you okay ? No , I think I swallowed my tooth . You did what ?
What about that ? And he looks like a real upstanding citizen too , is he ? Is he ?
I just , uh , I would I would really like to talk to you some time or ... When ?
I live in Inglewood . I grew up on 101st and Vermont . The Hoovers .
I do n't want to go back to jail , or put you there . But I do n't get no credit for that . - Shut up .
Do n't you think that we should discuss this ? No , no , it 's not open to discussion . No .
Playing the host . Nobody likes sitting up here , waiting alone . Why ca n't women be ready on time ?
Where 'd you get these ? Uh , they 're river stones from the mountains . I love ' em .
I miss you . I miss your ass so much . I love you .
What ? Uh , do you like fish tacos ? I never had them .
I 'll go to Lucy 's and get you a cheese enchilada and a strawberry shake . That 'd make you feel better . I 'm fine , Jody .
I know , I know . It 's -- but it 's my last class . ... first saw you and I did n't ...
Today I begin a new life . I am the master of my abilities and today will be a great and beautiful day . What ?
I do n't even stay at Kim 's house during the day . I leave at 9 : 00 . Come back at 6 , acting like I did something constructive .
I leave at 9 : 00 . Come back at 6 , acting like I did something constructive . Like I 'm working .
I love you , girl . You got my son and you 'll probably be my wife . - You want me to be honest ?
Hurrah ! And you make me feel pretty . Daddy !
What ? I 'm supposed to be scared or something ? Shit !
Um , sit down . I got this Pinot Gris . Okay .
That 's what I see . If we was on lock-down , I 'd make you get on your knees . Twenty years .
I also know you fuck other girls . I do n't like it , but I know you . So just be real with me .
What is this ? Can we go for a ride ? Um ...
the harder time you 're going to have climbing . [ Wolf ] And next time , bring some water and a friend with you . - It 's safer that way .
Prepared 2 paged dramatic monologues . Um , what is a monologue ? Google it .
Yeah ... Now that part of my family lives in a pueblo thirty miles that way . All I know about my family is my great grandmother lived in Atlantic City , in a boarding house ...
That is kitchy . Consider my gift to you . Oh wow .
Why wo n't you just say it ? I mean , why wo n't you ever cry ? Crying 's for babies .
And once it 's over I 'll go . I just could n't leave you like this . Hey if it does n't work at least let me give you this .
She was afraid of the dark . So I used to tell her bedtime stories . Sometimes , I would pretend like she was my baby instead of my sister .
Can I ask you something ? Given you 're the personification of a deep physical trauma And/ or my psychotic break , knock yourself out .
So why do n't I give it to you ... You rehearse it and Monday we 'll work it through . Okay .
Davey Wexler . It 's my first day as a volunteer . [ winds toy ] [ makes sounds ]
This time it did n't go your way . Next time ... who knows , right ? Come here .
I got ta get myself together . [ Bitsy ] Well let 's start with breakfast ! Tea and toast ?
Oh these delusions are usually short-lived . At least that 's what all the books say . She 'll see something for example and all of a sudden [ Snap ]
Nice to meet you , Tiger . - Nice to meet you guys , too . I 'm glad you could make it to the ceremony .
Let 's get some work done . They know how they go here do n't they ? I do n't know .
I thought he was the one I was supposed to fix things with . I thought he was the one I was supposed to go back to . Meg , I want you to ask yourself a question .
C'est la vie . We 're just so happy you 're here . We want you to have a wonderful time .
I almost for go . I actually found a place I could fix The snow globe so I 'll just go ahead and ...
[ pouring water ] How 's the swimming team doing this year ? The swim team ?
Thank you so much . Just remember my son Lyn . He 's auditioning tomorrow .
[ slow music ] [ sighs ] Do you live around here ? Do you live around here , Wolf ?
Whoa . Here , ok let 's sit you down . Come on .
Oh ! And uh , that 's her husband . Meg :
Come . This ceremony ... ensures ... that no one ... is left to feel alone in the universe .
She 's gon na be fine . Mia why do n't you take your brother home ? I 'll be there in a second .
Ted he misunderstood me . I had an idea about saving the town but that 's ... Ted !
Oh , okay . Ned , this is Bitsy 's sister , Gwen Wexler . Gwen , this is my colleague , Ned Grodzinski .
Ah . Another charming sentiment from Captain Cheese Sticks . You know what ?
I do n't under ... What kind do you guys use ? Huh .
Thank you for watching after the boys . I 'm done now and I 'm guessing you have somewhere you got ta go so ... How do you always look so great ?
No . These , um , actually are for my son . Wow .
Ugh , those little weasels . Your girlfriend , like , does she know we went on a date ? Is she gon na kill me ?
Remember to keep the touch soft . Lightly brush your fingers against her skin . It 's so ...
There she is . Oh , thank you so much . Hey , Bubbles .
Please . All the guys at my school pretty much assume I 'm a lesbian . And not the hot kind .
Listen . Would you just reassure my son that we 're not dating . We are not dating !
Well , unless you want to call in one of your college boys , check for unsolved crimes on the same date in the same vicinity , about the same time as the killing . I 'm sure one of my highly educated college graduates would have run this . Are you now ?
They 'll keep him in County awaiting sentencing . You said there was an eyewitness . Does n't mean it was him .
Do I have a choice ? I 'm running for Town Council . Hasty , you 're a felon .
Jesse . Lewis , I 'm simply trying to locate a former patient . His name is Val .
Meaning ? Meaning ... you will have to do something about your friend . These Russians are bad guys .
Even if they 're paying the bill . That 's not to be considered . Are prescription drugs used in the treatment of alcohol dependency , Doctor ?
Jesse would n't carry it . Well , I 'm sure you 're very busy . Good work solving that convenient store robbery , Detective Simpson .
We can have some nice , uncomplicated sex . I 'm going to take a shower . I wish you could join me .
Mom wanted to take her home . I insisted she spend the night in the Paradise jail . That sounds like you .
She was n't one of my regular girls but she did spend some overnights . You have a good memory . I do .
Jesse . Do you have a last name ? Stone .
Actually , I was a cop . A small town police chief , but I got into a little trouble , and I had to retire early . ( grunts and groans )
He romances them when they 're at their most vulnerable . What happened to your friend ? She 's dead .
The hotel has your name . Actually , I registered under an assumed name . Valery Siminov .
One , two , three , four . One , two , three , four , five , six . One , two .
As long as you 're okay with that . No , I think the palette works so well . Okay .
No , it was really ... You know , you 're doing the arms out and around . - Sorry .
This is three pieces ? It 's one , two , and three ? - Yes .
If you could go down and say , you know , `` Thank you so much for yesterday 's Rabbit , '' and this is my third ...
Okay . - As long as you 're okay with that . No , I think the palette works so well .
And that 's one of the things ... And we do n't have to answer that right now . It 's just things for us to think and talk about .
No , no , no . Let 's get all this done first , and then we 'll figure out the top . So let 's get you zipped .
Okay . But bend the left leg and then switch . Bring the arms in and then around that way .
It 's a theme step . I understand , because it breaks up ... It should always be , like , sometimes Amar , he gets a little tired at ...
John , Amber 's almost as tall as me . Like , just under six feet , blonde hair , kinda top-heavy . Yeah , I know .
Put it up to your head . Gon na have to ask you why , John . I have to show you something .
We needed to send someone they would consider totally innocuous ... completely unable to pose a serious threat . Besides , the dog needed an escort . Yes .
This is my fault , Arnie . Not just you getting killed and all , but ... but this ... this half-life ya got . I did this .
Where you been , man ? I 've been walking around for like two hours . Time must move different here .
That stuff , Dave , I 'm remembering things that have n't happened yet . - I mean that did n't happen .
We went to Robert 's trailer ... Andy and those guys , they did n't want to come . I think they got freaked out when they saw a needle come out .
I had a full 1.78 seconds before the detective would step through the door . A supercomputer can do over a trillion mathematical equations in one second . To that machine , one second is an eternity .
Well , they never know they 're ill , do they ? I mean , you ca n't diagnose yourself with the same organ that has the disease , just like you ca n't see your own eyeball . I suppose you just feel regular and the rest of the world seems to go crazy around you .
Um ... do you want a beer ? No , my dog just ... bit some Jamaican guy . I 've got to go find him .
The rest are dead . Your friend is the only known survivor of the One Ball Nine . And now do n't take offense at this ... but he 's not looking too healthy right about now .
The media perpetuates it . My position is that actually most of the time you can figure out what they want , I mean , logically deduce it , if you 're willing to make the effort to understand them and to understand the impossible situation they 're in .
I can tell from just looking at you , you never . Would n't even wear what you 're wearing . Trust me .
Food on the table , a roof , children to educate . A double shift , if I could . His arches would swell from the standing .
You all borne out ? Well , be happy , because I do n't care . I knew she could .
click ! Hence , the timeless importance of passion . Women want to be both irresponsible and passionate .
I mean , how exploitative you feel that it is so easy to get this type to regard you as a kindred soul . I mean , you almost know what 's going to be said before she even opens her mouth . Okay .
# And I do n't see you anymore # # I would not leave you # # In times of trouble #
`` This is who you 're gon na be with for the whole rest of your life . '' God , this just sounds terrible , so shallow . Does n't it ?
There 's only one in a thousand fellas that 's figured it out . The secret is , you 've got to ... I disagree .
Because they 've already said all this nice shit about how I should n't be ashamed of the arm , right , and how it could n't possibly be that bad . So now you 're getting into your critical type stage , right , where I actually show them the arm . Every time , sooner or later , within inside , like , five minutes of the thing , they up and they start crying .
But did you read Victor Frankl , Victor Frankl 's Man 's Search For Meaning ? It 's a great , great book .
He showered three times daily , scrubbed himself raw . But the job still followed him . Never a word .
I have -- - we must continue . I wish I had been there when the memories returned . They were the truth .
What ? Bring it over to the solar plate . Come on .
What 's going on with you ? Nothing is going on with me . - No , you 're right .
Again . I could n't ask for another extension , so I 'll have to release him to elsewhere . Release him ?
He compared it to the wind : Something felt but not seen . Do n't accept what is the truth just because it 's coming from someone you respect .
You 're just in time . I did n't ever wan na go back . I did n't want the wisdom .
And for my daughter . It 's what she would have wanted . Your daughter ?
I 'll be wanting it back . You donç ¨ š mind if I accelerate your training a bit , do you ? You 'd think for someone who is the keeper of emotions that iĺŁ ‡ be better at ...
Hey . Citizens are reminded , that sleep period comencs in 15 minutes . Thank you .
If it 's the right thing to do , how can it be against the rules ? There are things that I 've learned that you do n't know , that you ca n't know , not because it 's your fault ... - Jonas , you need to go back to your family unit .
Confusion , the chaos , it will all return . So you 'd stay to help them ? - Yes .
Something must be done . If you had that map , then why did n't you try to leave ? I was waiting for someone like you .
Where is Gabe ? Uncertain was returned to the nurturing center . What happened ?
The elders understood that . They erased it from our world . Maybe they were right .
Unpredictable weather . Hills , mountains , made it difficult to transport food . Then we had hunger , starvation , famine .
What an extraordinary thought . Personally , I have not experienced anything remotely close to that but I 'm more than willing to believe Shakespeare had . I suppose I think about love more than anyone really should .
For years , I read these reviews , I buy the books , but I never read them . Did you read that article in The New York Times last Sunday ? Severe stress makes women age prematurely because stress causes DNA in our cells to shrink until they can no longer replicate .
Because if it is , you could be a real lifesaver . '' `` I know it 's late to be asking but if you 're at all interested , please contact me . '' `` I 'm very interested , but the cottage is only available for home exchange . ''
Your house is lovely . I 've lived here 47 years . Back then , there were only six houses on this block .
Oh , also , I should warn you . I 'm not very good at this. `` This '' being ... ?
Maybe we 're trying to figure this thing out because it makes us feel good to feel this . Maybe the fact that I 'm leaving in 8 hours makes this far more exciting than it might actually be . Maybe .
Now a picture has to make a killing the first weekend or they 're dead . This is supposed to be conducive to great work ? Arthur , have you always been this feisty ?
Sorry . Apparently not the right thing to say at all . Well , if your flight 's canceled or for some reason you change your mind , I 'm having dinner with some friends at the pub tonight .
She came to her senses . - We should get the bill . - No !
No no no . You need a new house . I 'm calling Mrs. Vincent right now .
These two fucking guys come in , they assaulted me . The bashed me , you know , smashed bottles over my head . Yeah , there 's bottles over my head and kicked me in the face .
Dad 's home ! This is not enough , man . What 's this ... this is not enough .
You do n't mean to be negative , but , you know ... pop ! No , it 's ... it 's gon na be all right , okay ? I promise you .
When ? I do n't want you anywhere near this anymore , okay ? Bill !
Yeah , it 's true . I had plastic handcuffs when I was three . Yeah , every Halloween
It did n't happen . And then we can pretend that it 's just the weather and not your passive-aggressive magical grandma . No , that 's like trying to get the toothpaste back into the tube -- you ca n't do it .
¶ ¶ for science . Yeah , I think it would be really helpful for me . Because I 'm more of a hands-on learner .
'Cause it 's like a Butler that is also a rug . For the man who has everything except a rug . ( Chuckling )
No , no , no , no , like I know ... I know that people say that , but I really -- I have n't , nothing . I know , me either .
( Megan ) Wait , what ? No , I told you I would do that ! What is this ?
I have n't stopped thinking about it . Oh , all right , well , see , I just said those things to hurt your feelings because you hurt mine , you know ? Yeah , I do n't really buy that because I think women are most honest actually when they 're trying to hurt somebody 's feelings .
You go and you have to do this activity with a partner but you ca n't say anything so you 're just kinda stumbling your way through it . Yeah , it 's just like camp . What camp did you go to ?
You just want to get out there and show the world everything that you have to offer , because you have all this stuff to say ? I do n't know what that feels like . I do n't know .
Wow ... rude . Uh , okay , well , what if I told you that I helped her break into that apartment ?
I spent two nights with you , and that 's not enough time . Give me more time , please . ( Cedric ) It was a little shaky in the middle but he finished strong .
She was lovely . Looks not unlike yourself in that picture . Okay , ready ?
Everybody on this side of the room right now ! - You 're robbing the wrong people . - This side of the room ,
You could n't have known . He must have been unstable ... like his brother . It was n't your fault .
Cheers , Jamie . Let me give you a hand . - Cheers , everyone .
When I heard the alarm , I should 've made a run for it . When Roper showed up 30 seconds later , I should 've run away . But I just ...
One . - Please do n't , please , Luke , Luke ... - No , Gem , Gem , run , run .
No ? Well , we better find out what 's on offer , then . - I think Gem should know .
Got to play . And the girls out there , I 'll tell you what , queuing around the block for you . - Shoreditch girls as well .
Oh , look . It 's Adam Elva from The Make . Yeah , all right , all right .
I have no idea . Why should he be like either of us ? Oh , I think he was more like Mr Hector .
I just wan na go home . You can sleep on the kitchen floor . There 's some coats in the cupboard .
What do I do ? Sometimes you can get it outside . - Okay .
Poor fella . We 're going to have to cheer this place up a bit . I 'm very sorry for smacking you .
Ram-raid . I 've got the truck , I 'm just waiting on the rod . You have n't built it yet ?
I could n't help it . The road to hell is paved with good intentions . Sounds like fun .
You shot two drug dealers , you do n't risk being identified by driving this girl to a hospital . She had that thousand pound in cash on her , I thought , she must be one of the gang .
We could easily share this bed . It might be huge to you . It 's average size to me .
So , do you fancy going out sometime , then ? How 's Friday looking for you ? Think you can squeeze me in ?
Can you come to shore ? I need to talk to you . If you wanted to talk , man , you 're just gon na have to come out .
Or a boy 's ! You need a bit of length to get a good swing on it . Rules little Josh out , then .
The American Dream never happened . The American nightmare is already here . Look at the Washington Monument .
The girl was off her face . So there was no informed consent . They 'll say it was rape .
He 's been in there since Lucas was little , so ... All we know is that everytime we get a letter from prison then ... it means we 're moving again . Cos he found us .
I 'll deal with it . We all do stupid things when we are young , I mean ... I know that 's not an excuse , ofcourse , but ...
Great meeting you , man . - Oh , and you as well . Great , right .
Everybody wants to work with you . I get a call from P.T . Anderson . I get a call from Wes Anderson .
See , what I did n't want was to turn out boys who would claim in later life to have a deep love of '' literature '' . Or who would talk in their middle age of the lure of language and their love of words. `` Words '' said in a reverential way that is somehow ...
I do n't think I 've seen you pissed before . * But you could leave me standing so tall ... Well , you know , who 's gon na complain ?
Ignore her , Brian . She 'll be calling you tomorrow . - Yeah , what is your number ?
# What you want and what is real # And I long for the truth # And I long to be free
( excited chattering ) # Wish me luck as you wave me goodbye ( all ) ?
I do , yeah . What is it , cracks in pavement , hats on beds ? I never want to see a hat on a bed .
Go away . Come on , Frank , quick as you can . Come on , there you go .
Our brain has two sides . The left brain and the right brain . The left brain ...
Please , do n't hurt her . Please , she has n't done anything wro ... Three .
Why did you choose us ? A photograph by Felix 's bed . Five faces scratched out .
( Officer 3 ) Get on the fucking floor ! ( Officer 4 ) Show me your hands ! ( Youth ) Fucking , pricks !
I called you four times last night . You did n't call me back . I know , honey .
Yeah . Do you know how much I love you ? - How much ?
`` ' Oh , yes , I am not at all ashamed of it. `` ' I would have everybody marry if they can do it properly. `` ' I do not like to have people throw themselves away .
Bolt cutters , anything . Give me the site manager 's number . ADAM :
Oh . What route are you taking ? The ... well , getting on the M60 clockwise and then on the M56 , M6 .
You were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off . She was only 15 years old . Oh , my God .
Well ! I 've got an offer to go and do some training in hospital thats out of town . You know .
That 's very thoughtful . Good to see you , Kirby . - Cheers , lads .
Right , on you go . Keep to the left of the centre of the road . Usual time next week ?
Can you repeat that , please ? '' En-ra-hah '' . - You talking about the eye of Lucifer ? - No !
* It 's only two years ago * The man with the suit and the pace You know that he was there ... ( Harry ) And again , Sid . * Now he 's in love with you he 's in love with you ...
You 're so sweet . How am I supposed to know when you 're telling me the truth ? - I 've never lied to you .
I ca n't go fast , because Michael Caine ... talks ... very ... very ... slowly . Right , this is how Michael Caine speaks . Michael Caine speaks to his nose like that .
Do n't think for one minute you 'll have me , because you will not . Can you leave now , please ? Do n't you dare tell Jem !
Your '' free shag '' ticket . Who 's the lucky girl , Felix ? Who is it , Felix ?
And nothing to do with getting on . But remember , open quotation marks , '' All knowledge is precious whether or not it serves the slightest human use '' , close quotation marks . Who said , Akhtar ?
( Game show on television ) ( Man ) You 've got Cooking or Geography ? ( Woman ) Cooking , Dave .
I find the song quite moving . Your roast cod with truffle ravioli and a spiced cauliflower . A saddle of Nidderdale lamb with mutton pudding .
Fuck that ! We 'll have to find help . Tell them what happened .
Your father knows about this ? This whole business has shamed him more than anyone else . My duty was clear .
Hi . Should be a reservation under the name '' Coogan . '' - Hi , Mr. Coogan .
Ooh , ooh . Ah , it makes your chest go all cold . Go on , then .
Ca n't you see ? I 'm not in the mood . What mood is that , sir ?
She 's not very used to rail travel , you know . - I 'm sure she 'll be fine . - Do you think so ?
Why ? Uncomplicated- is that what you mean ? Outgoing ?
Have you heard them ? - I 'm all over it , Francine . Like a tramp on a bag of chips .
How are you ? You want me to sign right here ? Be patient .
Wicked . - I 'm Kim , nice to meet you . - Sean .
A little prank ... to teach my lazy arse boyfriend a lesson I was drunk , Felix was willing . A little too willing .
There 's gon na be loads of them . That 's what I need you to do ... Is round up every little fucking rat on this estate
You can ask my mum . So , same time next week ? I 'm sorry , Scott .
How do you know ? - About sharing classes with Mr Irwin , sir . - No , no , not that .
? Wish me luck as you wave me goodbye ?
I 'm a retired flasher . This used to be my room until Arnold came . Who 's he when he 's at home ?
I 'm not that desperate . His son , I think , came to get him . What 's he like ?
Tammi , open up ! Tammi , please open the door ! What the fuck is going on ?
Work out another line of credit , though . - Please , Roper , just take that money . No .
Shame he did n't bring one for you . - Three into four do n't go . - Think I 'll have to sit this one out , eh ?
No , just give us a normal sausage ... You just make it a better one for me . You got that , sis ?
It 's always , '' You do n't have to if you do n't want to , '' or '' I must call Mummy now , '' or '' Mummy says you ca n't give me that again . '' You just ca n't leave her alone with me , really .
You are joking . That 's about the only sensible suggestion I 've heard all evening . Thank you , Marcus .
It 's not fun . So are there lots of pretty Northern waitresses up there ? No , there 's no beautiful Northern waitresses .
? The wheels on the bus go round and round ?
I shall not , ah ! I 'm breathless with admiration and respect ... All right .
Because that 's what he wanted . Said he only took me to get you down here . Where are you , kids ?
I 'm fucking brilliant ! Yes , but not in the same way as ... Michael Sheen could n't do what you do .
That voice you 've got , does it hurt when you talk ? Whoever you think I am , whatever you think I 've done , you 're wrong . We know who you are .
And if you 're not there ? - Use the key to get in . - I do n't have a key .
Yeah . Well , you know what , grandad ? I 'm a little fucked off with the tone everyone is taking with me in here .
Yeah , I heard it . - I heard it in your voice . - Are you glad I did n't ?
Make some noise ? I mean , I am paying for this . - Come on .
What 's that ? The football programme I watch every Saturday morning . - Oh , football .
Not in 15 years ! You just undermine me , Steve . All the time , you never do anything other than complain !
Would you stand and fight , or would you leg it ? Should n't have got to that . Should 've been stopped before he got inside .
You 've not heard of boats ? We do n't have the van to break in through the front door any more , so the only option is to come in from the river . We wait for George to turn up with the ram-van .
And your chocolate dessert is a warm chocolate fondant , chocolate tier , chocolate Neapolitan , and a chocolate and caramel tart . Thank you very much indeed . Can there be any more chocolate ?
You 'll probably purview your mates on a drip . It would definitely do Shanko . Unless you give me , what I want .
I 'll run some checks . I ca n't lose him now . Not after everything we 've been through .
That 's where I used to hide when I get scared . Thought you said you were n't scared of anything . I lied .
♪ All we seem to do these days Is wave our arms and yell ♪ ♪ Other people are hell ♪ MORELLO :
Yeah . When did you first realize you were a banker ? So , Lake , how do you know each other ?
You 've never really talked about your time in the marines . Your Kath told me you had a couple of medals somewhere . Did you ever kill anyone ?
No more fires . That stupid stunt of yours caused me a lot of stress with the authorities . These people are not cheap to pay off .
One tuna away , please . # I do n't want to talk # About things we 've gone through
I know . Twelve months , three days this morning . Did n't think I 'd recognise you seeing as you gave us all the fuck off .
Come on . ♪ Between my fingers ♪ ♪ And the thumb ♪
Have one of your beers . I want to show you something . - Are you interested in ghosts ?
And if he does wake up and he 's more convincing than you , you 're still gon na be in a lot of trouble . You 've only been out a matter of weeks , Harvey . You 're not gon na be the golden boy in any court in England .
♪ Maybe , maybe tonight Will be your lucky night , baby ♪ ♪ It will be if you play your cards right ♪ ♪ I 'm such a womanizer , baby ♪
KIM : You know how to lunge ? Hey , Danny !
Look , I 'm calling it in . - The coastguard can pick us up ... - Look , do n't ...
This is delightful . One of the most delightful meals , one of the most delightful homecomings I 've ever enjoyed . Oh , well , it did stick to the bottom of the pan a bit ...
It will be ! Once we get our stuff moved in . Yeah except for the 2,000 mile walk to go hang out with my friends .
I do . I 'm glad I got away from all this . I pitty you .
I 'm in Scotland . I just did what I thought was best at the time , that 's all . And I fucked it up .
Thanks for the mystery tour . I 'm not that bothered in the future . My name 's Edward .
( Teacher ) Ranjit , who in the previous book was called John , has got six marbles . Zulema , who used to be Samantha , has got 12 . And Keith , thank goodness , has got four .
Right here . That one there , on the right . I do n't want her to get hurt .
He 's in jail then how can he be here ? Guess we know now , what I 'm afraid of , do n't we ? Dane !
Like scariest thing you can think of ... Like dinosaurs , spiders or an alien egg ? Well , those are pretty scary but em ...
You knew he did n't have it . Why are n't you taking us home ? I ca n't find the keys .
This was a volcanic lake of molten volcano , and it was on a land mass called Avalonia that drifted from the South Pole all the way to where we are now over sort of hundreds of million years . We should n't probably go much further just because of the light . It 's ... is n't that beautiful , that ?
Truth or Dare , everyone . 10 ... 9 ... 8 ... 7 ... 6 ... 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... Yeah , yeah , get over it .
KIRSTY : I ca n't believe you did that . Hey , baby .
Used to take us to game on a bus . He used to carry this silly little duffle bag ... With a pair of boots in it , in case the team where a man down .
Like every good schoolboy knows , you have to do your homework . Charlie , get back to your first position as quickly as possible and get down there and wait . It 's fucking awful down there .
Fucking trying to kill me ! - The girls moved the boat . I almost got through .
We 're late . Why does n't Dane have to do it ? Because I 'm not in a school where they make you take naps and drink out of sippy cup .
MORELLO : You smile like a girl . ADAM :
( Youths shouting ) ( Man ) Stay there , in the house . ( Shouting )
# Would n't be good enough for me # To call for hands of above to lean on # Would n't be good enough for me
Mm-hm . And now I think I better go to bed ... Good night .
No , bollocks . We get out of Egypt while Moses has still got a few miracles left . No .
Not that , no . ( sighs ) I assumed you knew . - He handled the boys ' balls ?
# Happy and free , running wild # Tearing my old life apart # All for you , all for you
Ever worked with Michael Mann ? I do n't work with mainstream Hollywood directors . I work with auteurs .
My boy doing time is not an option , yeah ? You do n't tell a mother you 're going to look after her child ... And then speak :
It 's a very beautiful field . It 's really gorgeous , but , you know , I ca n't really enjoy it . I 'm with a short Welsh man who does impressions .
Help me , please ! Make an effort , Paul , please ! Hey , Mr. Gimp .
Fuck off . Marky , get in the car . Marky , get in the fuckin ' car !
You 're his friends . I thought you might be able to help . - Come on , Paul .
Seriously ! I 'm not in the mood . Dane !
Rob Brydon , Small Man in a Box . I 'm not a good businessman . I 'm an artist .
The meaning of the broad Karoo , The Bush , the dusty loam , And why uprose to nightly view Strange stars amid the gloam . '' `` Yet portion of that unknown plain Will Hodge for ever be ;
I can tell you , that is shit ! You will never get it back . So you think about what you 've got and if you really want to lose it and have nothing .
Sleep well , my sister , but please , do not sleep with my sister . Leave my sister out of it , all right ? Leave my sister alone .
Travel . That 's important , see the world . - I think so .
She 's just in her room with her things . It 's hard to know what to say . Eddie , I 'm worried this is how the Yorkshire Ripper started .
Of course , she 'll say otherwise . That 's because you 're the fall-back . What ?
The darker , the better . Now , for those of you who have never before sat at a séance , there is absolutely nothing to be fearful of . Ghosts are very friendly sorts .
Hi . Is there an events assistant anywhere ? I got you a beer .
But I 'm the fellow of Magdalene College , I 've just read 70 papers saying the same , and I 'm asleep . - But it 's all true .
Mm . I do n't like being away from you . No , I do n't like you being away from me .
I 'll see you then . I just think he might be planning something . Yeah , well ...
Do you really think Mr Emphysema 's got it in him to top a load of hoodies ? I 've just spoken to the hospital . He 's discharged himself .
Is he all right ? No , I 'm afraid not , Mr Brown . Mr Attwell is dead .
Imagine being like Felix ... paralysed , powerless ! You 'd hurt whoever you could ! You wanted Felix to name names .
I want to see a tree . I think anyone over 40 who amuses themself by doing impressions needs to take a long , hard look in the mirror . Well , broadsheet journalists have described my impressions as stunningly accurate .
I think you 'd make a great dad . The train now arriving at platform two is the delayed 10 : 53 Southern service to ... This train is the service from Sutton .
Yeah , I 'm just a bit ... A bit shocked but I 'm , I 'm fine . - Sorry , this is ...
♪ Whenever you 're around me I 'm feeling so alive ♪ ♪ Tonight you 're mine , You 're mine , you 're mine ♪ ♪ Tonight you 're mine , You 're mine , you 're mine ♪
♪ I heard you singing ♪ ♪ With tiny lungs ♪ [ WOMAN LAUGHS ]
It 's '' yes or no '' questions only , I think . Is there life after death ? ( Knock )
You do n't want to talk about it . You want to talk about things you 've gone through ? No .
I mean , you seem to know each other quite well . It 's all right , but the relationship 's purely platonic . So what should we do ?
Wow ... To be honest , I had n't really noticed . - I know what she wants .
We 're gon na come down quick and hard on the criminal gangs that control the flow of heroin on the estate . I have spoken to Division and they concur . I 'll be leading the squad on this one .
They like a nice little chinwag . But they 're very scared of loud noises and sudden movements which is the reason why they 're very rarely to be sighted in discos and wrestling matches , for example . You should n't joke .
Mr Brown , DI Frampton . I thought I might drop by for a quick word , if that 's all right ? I 'm sorry , is this an inconvenient time for you ?
Yeah . They liked my Hitler answer , praised what they called my '' sense of detachment '' . They said it was the foundation of writing history .
Snap to it ! Then collect up their car keys and their mobile phones . There 's a lock box on the workbench .
That 's how good you are . We 'll make this gig like when the Pistols played the 100 Club . Or when the Roses played the Hacienda .
Mate of mine in Ulster got caught in sniper fire . The bullet blew his inside out . ( Moans and breathes hard )
Oh , oh , oh ! - In we go , in we go , in we go ! - Whee-whee , whee-whee , whee-whee !
And foreign constellations west Each night above his mound . '' `` Young Hodge the Drummer never knew- Fresh from his Wessex home- The meaning of the broad Karoo , The Bush , the dusty loam ,
Go on , ask him . Ask him about your party . Good afternoon , Bob .
Yeah . - Ca n't have missed you very much , then . - Cheeky bastard .
Fingers on the tits . - Oh , that is properly disgusting . Chicken fillets .
Scripps . The things I do for Jesus . - It 's never me .
It 's a bit of a pipe dream , in all fairness , Harvey . It 's not a pipe dream . What if the money is in that safe ?
I 'm looking for some background information on Mr Attwell . We recovered the murder weapon at the scene . It had Mr Attwell 's fingerprints on it , as well as fibres from his coat , suggesting that the knife belonged to him .
Come here . I wanted to do that for years . I never knew you felt that way .
It all had to move like clockwork . The alarm system has an exterior bus network by the telephone exchange . This is n't the same as an alarm control box , which are housed inside the building , for obvious reasons , so we could n't shut it down .
Why do you write so much on your arms ? Shall we go and get some magical items for your party ? ?
I came down ... To ask some simple questions . In truth , I came here in peace .
I took some very good colour slides , you know . We were just like you , you know . Come on , Rog .
When a man grows old and his balls grow cold , and the tip of his prick turns blue when it bends in the middle like a one-stringed fiddle , he can tell us a tale or two . What did Father Christmas bring ? I do n't believe in him .
Sit the fuck down . Do you mind if I smoke ? Yeah .
Not to be unhappy any more . I went back into the refreshment room . That 's when I nearly fainted .
( sighs ) It 's a question of timetabling , apparently . No , no , this is ... something else . Does that mean your lessons will be more like Mr Irwin 's ?
You did n't know him at all . He would n't want this cruelty . I 'm sure of it .
The only disadvantage with limestone , although a very hard rock , road wearing and all the rest of it , coarse base stuff , it dissolves in weak acid , and the acid derives from the water , rainwater which combines with carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , and then the rain falls onto the limestone , which is calcium carbonate . Yeah .
Yeah , yeah . No , best leave it till the morning . I think we should all go to bed , it 's getting late .
Shh . ' S alright , love . Can we have a look at it first ? No , it 's fine , fine .
Look , I did n't want to tell you this . I did n't want to get you involved . I 've been planning a job .
He has n't got a pulse . And I think he 's quit smoking . You are seriously not well .
Yeah . What time did she get home ? Hard to tell .
How do you know ? I saw him on my way over . I 'll drive you there right now .
Hey , Lindsey , come on . Get off this guy 's bike . What are you doing ?
You could n't possibly . 'Cause you like it here . I like it here .
I 'm sitting here , I 'm looking at it . It 's pretty clever , but I knew I 'd find it . You know what , can you try and get a meeting with him for me tomorrow ?
Yo , let me hit that . Let me get that , hey . You guys , I 'm gon na go lay down .
There 's nothing I can do . No , son , I 've seen stranger things happen . I 've seen convicts who wore suits to walk be revocated .
Human Resources got a letter from the IRS . They said you were behind in back taxes , so they held most of your pay . No .
Look who decided to visit . You know , it 's like you 're never here anymore . I 'm leaving .
It 's a curly , brown hair . - Like I do n't know a blonde hair ? - Oh .
She got better . But she has n't been the same since . I think for a while there she thought she was gon na die and she was disappointed that the world did n't stop .
No , ma'am . Come on , man , what the fuck ? JAMES :
What would you like for breakfast ? ( QUIETLY ) Egg whites and oatmeal . Egg whites and oatmeal will be fine .
Who brought in the shank ? The kid in critical condition with two stab wounds ... he stole a car . First offence .
Come on . ( LAUGHS ) Okay , how about this ? We sell computer software .
What does he do ? Uh , he 's a garbage collector . He 's a good man .
You have to let me help you . There 's a half bath there and , uh , one bedroom here . Another bedroom here .
And that little black girl gon na turn into an even bigger damn black girl with even bigger attitude , man ! Just get in the car , Walter . Just get in the car , please .
What , what , what is it ? - Can I get a ride ? - No .
I feel like there 's something trying to pull me back into my old life . It 's harder than I thought it 'd be . And I need to get out .
If I ca n't afford to make the distinction ... you think I 'm an asshole because it 's fun ? I do it ... because that 's how my guys survive . I 'm taking a real risk sitting down with you right now .
James , chill . Hey , man , do it , yo . Do it , man .
It 's really okay . I swear I 'm not flirting with you . I figure I owe you .
My business partners . Just to make yourself feel better . That 's not how it is --
You know ? Better than that old big farmhouse ever was . Oh , uh , on the couch .
♪ ♪ What it would be ♪ If life were the same
It 's symbiosis at its finest . At the end of the night , we say goodbye to him . Nobody gets hurt , so who cares ?
Thank you . - So how late we gon na be out tonight ? - As late as we wan na be .
Oh , hey , it 's no problem . I just wish I could stay longer and help you ... decorate . No , you need to decorate .
♪ A sudden hit ♪ And you do n't know ♪ You do n't have to do it again ♪
What ? Come on , it just started ! There 's nobody around !
Where is my car ... All I wanted to do was talk , Faith . Now look at what you 're making me fucking do here .
Just a little while . You know he has a penchant for projects . Pen ...
Gim me a name . This is an inmate who was involved in a near fatal knife fight in my shower room . That 's bullshit --
This is my place ! No , I beg you , please . No !
Everything about you just screamed '' Take advantage of me . '' You 've done nothing but run and hide , Faith . So , in a way , you actually kinda brought this on yourself .
Why ca n't you be more like your brother ? Mom , now look , what 's going on ? I wanted to see you .
I wish I had some talent like that . I always knew taking drama in high school would come in handy . Well , thanks .
Well , yeah . I 've got this cousin out in L.A . He could put us up for a little while , I think .
Peter ? There is a man outside by the water . He says he knows you .
Seventeen . I ca n't imagine living like this . Do n't most of your friends already have divorced parents ?
It 's okay . I guess I can take it as a compliment . Did you take your shirt off for Nelson Barton ?
Too easy access ? Why did n't you tell me about her ? 'Cause I do n't really like to talk about it .
That 's not nice to say . - This is a great family . Why are you screwing it up ?
So what do you say ? Are you interested in going with me ? Oh , fuck , yeah .
See you . Ivan and I came to see your show . Do n't treat us that way .
Not even me . Use only cash , and wait for this to ring . Sarah ?
The same man who picked up Natalia 's mayday demand . The same man who ordered her extraction . And the same man who quarterbacked the hit on her .
Look , I 'm coming to ya . All we need is a second chance . If you 'd just see me !
Do n't put your faith in me , Alice . I promise I 'll disappoint you . Satie .
Lili is pretty . Would you go ring the bell ? I hate walking up those steps .
So I ca n't protect you anymore . Go somewhere where no one can find you . Not even me .
I know . And thank you for being so understanding about the deposit . No problem .
Why is it important ? - I need to know what happened . Well , he felt me up , and I touched him .
So what do you think ? I mean , how old is he ? He said 30 , but I think he skimmed about five years off that .
Where is she ? How do you know that name ? When was the last time you saw her ?
When my first novel came out , I had a lot of opportunities . I was with your mother , so I did n't partake . I 've never had an affair with a student , though many have come on to me .
I 'll be gone from here so fast , they 'll never know what hit ' em . I got it all figured out , too . I 've been saving up for it .
You supported an American operation to impersonate Chechen terrorists . Who was the American agent who ran it ? You are sit on my shirt .
I 've been keeping some event sequences ... Nic , it was hard to put all this together , but , you know , I think we 're sick , or infected . Hey , Jonah , stop thinking like that , man .
We 've got ta get moving . A lot has changed in a very short time . What were you doing a week ago ?
Pitchum climbs into his rented VW and drives off past the cliffs of Dover into the muted English sunrise another chapter of his life behind him . '' I 'm sorry about the turnout . Kids go home early for Passover .
As you know , I tried very hard . - Your mother was n't interested in that . - Why not ?
It 's what we 're looking for . The last search that Hanley ran . See what else you can find .
Nic , we are going to need you to calm down . Now you understand why we 've been so interested in you . As you can see , your circumstances are very peculiar .
What ? - This is n't like your mother 's house . - That 's what I said .
Get back in ! Jonah , get in the truck ! I 'm done .
Can I get you a drink ? A cup of coffee or something ? No , thank you .
You see ? What do you mean , you see ? You , Nic .
And tell you Have you more than anything in this world . I love you too , Papa . I 'm sorry I was n't there when you needed me .
Ivan is very interesting . Ivan 's not a serious possibility for your mother . I think he is .
Stop . Stay right where you are . Listen to me very carefully .
Escaped . Can you raise your arm ? What happened in the hallway ?
I 'm going back to work . Do n't worry , I checked her out . Scenario :
Yeah , I 'm ready . Not one American life was lost in that Chechen mess . Not one .
Do n't move . I 'm gon na get us out of here , okay ? Yeah , okay .
Classic . Scenes with the baby in the middle are based on me as a baby . Right .
Okay , Nic ? I need you to go . I need you to go .
Yes , I just have to think about . There is nothing to wonder about . Whether you can or you can not .
It 's not fair to make me the bad guy without my input . Haley , that 's not what I 'm saying . I 'm just saying I 'm not gon na be the guy who holds you back .
Harry , are you listening to me ? Take the heart-shaped box and hide it in a safe place . Six million dollars .
She must know that it is okay that we 're leaving . I 'll be brave and let you go , but how ? Take it easy , I have a plan .
Now you understand why we 've been so interested in you . As you can see , your circumstances are very peculiar . And believe me , we did n't want to shock you with this .
I did not want you to move . I 'm moving to Jacksonville with Beth . We 'll be staying with my mother .
And what about your nephew ? He smuggled diamonds for you and he could have been arrested or killed . And what about me ?
Now it 's war . So , who wants to dance ? With your neck and arm it 's probably not that smart .
Haley ! Do n't even think about it , Nic . You ca n't reach her .
Reports to write and there 's that protest in Prospect Park against the new leash laws and a resume to update and ... So if you will just please excuse me . Annabel ...
Can you raise your arm ? What happened in the hallway ? Good .
I hope you do n't think that I 'm the kind of person who just goes out and has fun . I would never think such a thing of you . I do n't remember very much , do you ?
What 's wrong with Haley ? As advanced as we are , it 's amazing that a tool as crude as a pen still has its place . There we go .
Above average . - Who is your secret girlfriend ? - She 's gorgeous , yes !
You tie the knot before the stalk in his mouth . Engineer Hours gives certain results . Maybe .
Is that what your mother told you ? Look , I got to go , baby . - Wait , Porter .
That 's the great thing about our discipline . I 'm really sorry , but fails in this way . I must first see it for myself .
I can see , and this is n't him ! Have you had your prescription checked recently ? I will give you three seconds to tell me what you 've done with him .
Favor ? In return for the money , I wan na go to Monte Carlo . - What ?
I tracked her down to an address in Queens . And , like Frank Crowley , I was running out of time . And she was all I had .
I just take one day at a time . Can I get a package mentolrøyk and some cream puffs ? Five or six pieces .
Everyone at Perkins know . I 'm so protagonist in some other rumors about you . - I 'm flattered .
You see , both buildings are exactly the same . Does the demolition crew inspect the elevator before they send it to the basement ? The one next door was already in the basement , did n't need to be dropped .
There ! What will I do without you , Miss Glick ? Get back .
Give me that . - There were bullets in this time , Wes . - Was it ?
Sailing , new duds , new adventures , and you 're gon na go gambling , using my infallible system for roulette . We 've got a night club reservation at 8 : 00 , so be prompt . Absolutely , Uncle .
Can not you just shut up ? - We sat and talked about you . It was only why she even bothered to talk to me .
Showed a real affection for me . In the first six months , we were surprisingly happy together . And this one night , when , um , when Simon did n't come home , I got worried .
Now What ? - You are the only one who understands me . - What the hell ?
♪ Would n't fall into the blue ♪ ♪ If I never met you ♪ ♪ If I never met you ♪
I will give you three seconds to tell me what you 've done with him . Uh , I 've taken him shopping , para-sailing ... - One ...
I was curious . She knew you were lying . - Yeah , I guess .
Shit . Do I teach a virgin ? - No , I 'm not a virgin .
I got caught embezzling , I killed the only man I ever loved , and I just lost six million dollars in diamonds . What else could go wrong ?
Melts in your goddamn mouth , right ? So , um , do you guys eat the same thing every night ? Yeah , a lot of chicken .
Well , I 'm breaking the expensive horse . This key will bring the elevator back . So ...
She 's impossible . Why would she leave now ? - Just when things were ...
Four . - You will please drop the gun , eh ? Ciao , Harry !
Move ! Doctor Di Ruzzio , your sister 's here . I 'm sorry .
So , I decided I want to make my vows to you here , right now , this , this minute , exactly . And I have no idea what I 'm going to say . But once it 's done , it 'll be my vows to you , okay ?
Okay , ' cause of that , I 'm going to have to drink my milk here . I 've been practicing drinking milk . It 'll help me swallow keys .
Not one accident . Who said she could n't go camping with the scouts ? You never want to be the bad guy .
Uh , I got a Titleist right here . It 's worth like $ 3.50 , so if I could get a Sun Chips and a beer and then 50 cents in change , that would be fantastic . Okay , well , we do not run on a barter system .
Can I get a ride with you to the hardware store ? - Well , of course you can . - [ Simon ] Thank you .
Her late husband was our mayor . Belcher Stadium 's named after him . Our football team voted Clairee all kinds of special titles .
And she did n't even ask me for anything . So , you think she was making it up ? I know she was .
I should n't have said that . Oh , yeah , that was disgusting . Bringing home a kidney in a bag .
Now . And if they 're ruined , you 're going to work the whole set off this summer . I mean it .
That was incredible . - I actually called the fucking ambulance . - Asshole .
Like they 're actually reporting and commenting on something . - [ indistinct chatter ] - [ sigh ] My wife says I sound old . [ woman ] I 'm heading into a long one , so you 'll probably get home before me .
( APPLAUSE ) Make a wish . Wait , wait , wait for his mama to get ... Oh , here you go .
Charlie would n't be coming . Is this about your husband 's death ? - [ woman ] Porter Wren , is it ?
I 'm supposed to go first , not her ! I was always ready to go first . Not my baby .
Come on , let 's go . - I do n't see what the problem was . - Why are you yelling at me ?
OUISER : He could drive that down the street himself . ( ALL LAUGHING )
What 's wrong ? We heard back from another agency . Soon as they get a peek at my medical records ,
It 's okay . It would n't have worked anyway . She did n't ... ( sighs )
The police ? Well , what does your husband say ? Nothing , since he disappeared last week .
It 's a pleasure . Since somebody made a mistake ... unfortunately we only have a little time . Hold my calls unless it 's my kid .
You 're on the news , Joe . Your dad was on K-19 . ( sighs ) Okay , please .
Guess that is better . Okay , I will trade you BO Railroad for both your utilities . - PATRICK :
I 'll carry it , I guess , or fly it over the forest . No , I ca n't bring the car up here ! Your jokes are not funny right now !
And guess her name is . Her name is Rita Harrison . Lovely Rita Meter Maid ?
Now , that was not a nice thing to do to your mama . You should never say things like that to a woman who 's marinating 50 pounds of crab claws . I do n't know if I mind a fight .
Yes . You were very good , Joe . In the woods , before .
And then he looks at me with such anger ... and I hate him then . I know I 'm failing you . I know I 'm disappointing you .
That Belle does n't have a care in the world . Oh , I 'm not so sure about that . Yep , yeah , every family has its issues .
Sorry . I really have to hurry , though . Is that enough ?
You 've been through such a terrible time , and you 're so brave . What 's your dress size , Annelle ? You know , I bet you I 've got some clothes that'II fit you just fine .
And he already sent me to a dietician and an eye doctor . And , look , I got the best baby nurse in the world ... Me !
You want to stay here ? - This is the most fun I 've ever had . We built this house together !
Where you feel like somebody is pissing in your face all day long . Is that good or bad ? - Bad .
It 's just some old ' 60s stuff . They 're called The Left Banke . The guy who wrote this song and played harpsichord
OK , let me see . They 're going to put Randy on the stand tomorrow first ... and then you . They 're a very nice couple .
I found in the gutter ? That you found in the gutter , yes . - That 's the one .
Mr. Dawson , quite bluntly , you ca n't afford to hire me . Yeah , because I make $ 800 an hour at Starbucks . Per hour .
I just had a rough day . Hey , Dave , just make sure she gets home , okay ? Okay .
Thank you so much . Do you wan na go somewhere ? There 's a caf # 233 ...
Look , guys , if I have to come up with some more cash , I 'll ... You 're going to pay Fred 's expenses and her expenses too ? Do n't talk about me in the third person .
I just look right back at her , and pretty soon I 'm hard as a fucking rock . It 's like she knows what I 'm thinking . Or I know what she 's thinking , or ...
Help me get his pants off . I did n't even know it was you Until they dragged me in there .
Short and sweet . Tim Curry was a sweet transvestite ... in '' ' The Rocky Horror Picture Show . '' Let 's try one word .
Fuck yeah . - I do n't know , there might be - some lasagna up in there .
Until last night , I had no idea why I was drawn there . You know why I came to see you that day ?
I do n't like that book . Let 's read ¡ ° ' Green Eggs and Ham . '' Yeah !
It 's like she knows what I 'm thinking . Or I know what she 's thinking , or ... I do n't know , it 's that two-way thing .
I know who the guy is , The guy who raped her . I know who he is .
Yes . Hoanne , do n't do that , please . Do n't do it twice .
[ Music distorts in dreamlike way ] ( Kim Gordon ) * You 're a stranger . * But I know it 's you .
I 'm not gon na tell you again . Sherry , I need to talk to you . Are you deaf or something ?
After Lucy gets here And we say , '' surprise . '' So you have to assume surprise position . Should we rehearse it one more time ?
you 're talking about ? - I do n't know , I guess ' cause most American people have heard of TiVo . Most people that pay attention to the world around them !
Terrible , it 's terrible you 're throwing me out , Chuck . I just had a rough day . Hey , Dave , just make sure she gets home , okay ?
I 've alienated my colleagues . I sent my kid off on a fishing trip with his father ... so that I could work with you ... and you wo n't open the goddamn door for me ! Fine !
No . No , I just wanted to tell you ... - You 're not capable of a relationship , Jon .
They can be replaced . Sherry , you do n't mean that , now . Look , babe , you got to keep your nose clean , okay ?
You are down $ 1,000 . I am yet to see my cards . Will the casino kindly give me another $ 1,000 ?
Oh , really ? No , no , it 's not going to happen . It 's not going to happen .
Yep . All right , let 's do it . You got it ?
Oh , my f ... Oh , we 're here to talk about you , though , right ? Oh , yeah , I guess so .
way more than that . Let 's say $ 100 minimum at this table . This is VIP .
So , uh , thanks for listening . And you just take one day at a time , you guys . Okay ?
It 's cool . I 'm in the garage and they 're in the house . - Which is where ?
That just might be all me . Oh , no , do n't do that . Do n't do that .
We tell you what to do and you do it if you ever want to see the girl again . You 'll have to convince me that she 's alive in the first place . You have my word on it .
You 're single . This 'll erase all past mistakes . I 'm single !
They 're due in 30 . - Come on , give it to me . - Okay .
Yeah , I just came from in there and I did n't see anything . Of course , I do n't like going in there much , you know . I can show you around , but you might wan na cover your nose .
That 's right . You mind if I ask , what kind of business you 're in , Kenny ? Construction .
I do n't need it if ... No , it 's fine , I made a ... It 's fine .
No , you ca n't go to sleep . You ca n't go to sleep . Jake , you ca n't go to sleep .
What ? Oh , I got something , and I ... I forgot .
Let 's take a walk . There 's something I 've been meaning to talk to you about . - Thanks , Joe .
I do n't know . I think last night or early this morning . I mean , she literally walked in this morning ... you know , you know how much I like Kate , but it 's the thing about her that 's annoying , where you 're like ...
Yeah ? It 's good to know how you figure all this . Tell me the dog 's name .
Let 's just put the money back . - I do n't like this , Mike . - Shit !
And we 'll pretend like there was nothing weird about just going out with the guys . Why is there something weird ? Because we had plans .
Sit . I 've never been shot before . There 's a first aid kit in the bathroom .
`` The same day , more human remains were found scattered about the cemetery by groundskeepers . '' `` Witnesses said andresen was last seen getting into a blue van with two men . '' `` Anderson 's fiance rueben quintana , told police that he and leila was supposed to meet over lunch ... ''
Really ? Yeah , I talked to Mike and Frank and the guys . We 're gon na do it .
But I just need some help , man . Getting letters from the bank , some real ugly letters . I 'm sorry , kid .
You never change . Then , 2 days later , I think they thought it to be funny ... Showed up for work and there 's cops dispatched everywhere .
Where did you get Chris Cook ? It was a voice , the theory ... it was a voice ...
I 'll drive you . - I need the fresh air . Ty , come on .
I asked you a question , boy . I was looking for a job so we could keep the house . - You 're losing your house ?
Ahh ... It 's with my brother , you know . He needs your help .
Get me next time . I 'll get you this time . You be safe .
Why did the police come looking for me ? `` He carried her through the field '' `` the dandelions and cattails still wet with morning dew , ''
You wo n't be there . Okay , but , Jenny , I really , really do n't want to be alone tonight , you know ? - Okay .
Yeah , 10-4 , thanks . Your next scheduled check-in after drop will be in 30 minutes . Stand by .
Hold on . I got something I 'd like to say . Hold on a second .
Aw . That sounds like a great night . Oh , no , I 've had a few laughs , I 've chased some tail but , trust me , Dutch you do n't want to end up like me .
She 's been eyeing you the whole time we 've been talking . - It 's been a real pleasure talking to you . - Likewise .
You just want me to walk out there , huh ? Baines just tried to kill me ! Forget Baines .
But I do know that I 'm seeing things more clearly today than any time that I can remember . Like the way I feel about you . That 's something that has never changed .
Oh , wow . Okay , this is getting kind of weird . WOMAN 3 :
How do you want to do this ? All right , lets put your truck on the far side and then try to find some more cars to use . I 've got a better idea .
I 'm psyched . I did n't think you were going to make the rehearsal . Well , I wanted to get here early make sure you had time to think about our last conversation .
HRT report . We 've got two agents down . Cortez is gone .
Come on . I 'll buy you a drink . After Jenny , your relationships grew shorter and shorter .
I 'm good either way . So let me talk to her . I 'm sorry , John .
She 's going to be helping us out today . And you have nothing to fear . She placed sixth in Beijing .
Do n't worry . We 're ready for this guy . A lot of people have said that .
Give me this . Ray , we got work lights . Something big is going on here .
MELANIE : Your brother 's wedding in Newport ? - That 's today ?
Then there 's the cheap sexual innuendo . All the old Connor Mead tricks are back . Well , do n't worry , your secret 's safe with me .
It 's over . Connor Mead 's first sex partner . It 's like , I feel ...
He 's been ​ ​ murdered . We got a positive ID . A silver-grey metallic ZR1 headed southbound on US 95 .
Los Algodones crossing with their dicks in their hands for no reason . What 's the fastest way to get there ? We can charter a jet out of McCarren .
I tell you a secret . I 'm probably more afraid than you are right now . How can that be ?
Oh , okay . - An honour to be serving with you . - And with you .
[ LAUGHING ] I 've been divorced eight years now . Surge and I are n't talking just yet .
So that was it for Owens . Guess he 's seen enough bloodshed , so walked away . He went to Sommerton to play Sheriff .
And I need you to be on top of the roof of the old hotel to be my spotter . Figgy , you go to the Southside , and check if the buildings are cleared , okay ? - I 'll be right back .
I ca n't . Jerry 's dead because of that guy . Ray , you know me .
Just-you 're so kind . Just one minute , one minute . Oh , thank God you 're still there .
What are you talking about ? There was no crossing at Sommerton . They 're going to build one .
Good God . The barricades been completely destroyed . It looks like a war zone down there .
# Tell it to her softly # # Tell her like you should # # Tell her that no matter what # # she 'll always have # # your love #
You 're a fucking shit ! Dr. Alexander call extension 2860 . Dr. Alexander , 2860 .
Beginning , yes . Not much again till the end . My name ever come up ?
All I can say is , there 's some lucky kids . They got a wonderful mother . You 're not messing with me , are you ?
To be tucked , operated on , you know ? Why have n't you done that ? - It 's mucho dinero , se ?
Christina . Christina , can you hear me ? I do n't know if you can , but I 'm talking to you , baby .
He called , you know , right- shortly after I got home . And he wants to talk , and so here he is . All right , well , bye .
Yeah . - Oh , thank you so much . Just-you 're so kind .
No dogs allowed ! It just holds no value to me . Christ .
That 's how we feel . We want to go home . You want to go home ?
Calm down , man . This is my last stop . And your nose is bleeding .
Get that line . Put the stern line on quick . Bobby !
So what do you think ? Do you think he 'll like it ? He 'll love it .
Listen , I 'm not gon na go back in until I know you 're all right . You do n't have to rush . Just take your time .
Come on , please . Please , I need your help . - No .
We got more coming down . Did we get all them eggs up there ? We catching some fish
San Francisco . Moved down here about a year ago . What 's your name ?
Given the warm and volatile Gulf Stream it wo n't take much to turn this tropical storm into a hurricane . This just in , video of Sable Island . I put so much ground beef and sausage in this , it weighed out at 20 pounds .
Poor kid . Doctor 's do n't hold much hope for him . I do n't even know how she 's gon na pay for all this .
Hey , skip , I 'm giving you notice . This is my last trip . When we get back , I 'm going right to Salisbury Beach with Chris .
I was leading these poor women to the slaughter one after the other ... I could build a shute to keep a count by the front door . - So , warning you has no effect ?
They 're upstairs . I 'm going to run up and say hi . You 're a dog .
It made her feel really good . - So , it was out of compassion , right ? - I 'm working on it .
There is no headstone on which to rest a bunch of flowers . The only place we can revisit them is in our hearts or in our dreams . They say swordboatmen suffer from a lack of dreams .
As far as Lynn goes , why would I do that ? It does n't make any sense . I know .
Do n't go , Bobby . I got a bad feeling . I 've been thinking about it .
He spends a lot of time traveling , a lot of time lecturing . I got you an appointment today at 12 : 30 . Do not be late .
Look at you angels of mercy ! How do the docs get any work done around here ? Fine .
I 'm a food guy . Why do n't you ask me about food . Why are you the food guy ?
I did n't plan to come . Peter , my husband thought it was pointless . But , as it turns out , I 'm pregnant ... just a few months .
Stage One . Good days and bad days , huh ? Mostly good days .
She never slept with him . Maybe because she was an old-fashioned girl . But she was smart .
Fuck . I 'd ice that as soon as you can . If it hurts in a few days , get an X-ray .
Your mother 's doubles partner . Why did n't you tell me any of this ? - You know , you could have warned me .
Why ? Look , I never pretended to be ... what I 'm not .
Zoloft , a drug approved solely for the treatment of depression . Off-label uses : alcoholism , bulimia , PMS , smoking , social anxiety . Is there a question ?
Pull over ! I need to talk to you . I do n't want to talk to you .
Cindy ! Can you deal with this , please ? How about a pen ?
Great to see you again , Dolly . - Great to see you , Will . - Go right in there .
I just ... Can you let me love you ? Please .
Hello ? - Why did you take that picture ? Is that the girl with the tits ?
Last time she passed out she regained consciousness almost immediately . Next time , or the time after , she wo n't . When that happens , call me .
He always call me the morning after to ... dish . - Do you want to talk to my grandmother ? - No , I was calling you .
Suppose I never ever saw you Suppose we never ever called Suppose I kept on singing love songs
Can I help you ? - I 'm having a drug reaction . What kind of drug reaction ?
You 're in the middle of a gaper 's block . You should be past the accident in about 100 yards . - Okay , I see it now .
No , Doctor , no . It 's a special Pfizer preceptorship for me to shadow you . Is this a joke ?
You have reached M. Murdock . If I 'm not picking up , it 's probably because I do n't want to talk to you . This is actually sad .
You might like being in a relationship , and ... Listen , I said this was nice . I did n't ask you to marry me .
He 's got a son ? What makes you say that ? Well , high-tech toys and porn and then out of the blue , he buys a gold wristwatch .
Torture 's over , sir . - Yeah , I should say so . - Poor Lulu .
Hold it . Big change of plans here . - That 's far enough , Atley .
Take a look at this picture . Police say the suspect 's name is Owen Reilly . He is 20 years old , and just nine months ago ...
on flawless , cut Natalie K diamonds . Huge savings on one-karat diamonds . Presented by the LaRog Brothers .
But the whole world wants to watch you die , and they do n't even know you . It 's so fast this time . It 's word of mouth , I guess .
How did you know ? Everyone else thinks I 'm older . Well , I 'm a detective .
We need their help . That 's fine , but I 've got a man being publicly tortured . How will it look if he dies and the Bureau never tried to help the guy ?
Yeah . I swear I 've seen this guy somewhere before . - Yeah .
They threw us out England , threw us out of France , but here we are . Flourishing , really , except for the minor inconvenience of despising everything about your country . On this list you 'll fînd 50 cars ...
What does Russia have to do with this ? The domain registrar and name servers are all in Russia . We have no jurisdiction there .
To chase you from my mind / ' ve sti// got your face Painted on my heart
Thank you . You know , when we first met , I knew you looked familiar . Nick and I came up together .
He does fascinating things with computers . Wh-What exactly can you do with a computer , Toby ? I can hack into the DMV mainframe , I can change VIN numbers ...
Yes , sir . I wonder if they 'll kill you faster or slower . Based on what I 've seen online the awful things that men do to women that other men pay to watch my guess would be faster .
Toby 's the guy that I like . Right , well , that should be fun . Yeah .
Just ho/ d our positions . / f he ro// s , you fo// ow him out . Copy that .
I 'm a girl . Okay , maybe I could imagine it , but I had to stay focused on my Toby mission . Date night .
I picked you for a reason . And whatever you write , I 'm running it as our lead , so make it count . Inspire us .
Okay . - Where can I find it online ? - Yep , bye .
I run the show . You take your orders from me . - If you have any problems with that , you can leave now .
Follow me . Sheriff Wagner , any comments for the evening news ? - No .
And , girl , you are my heart 's desire Do n't you know it 's true In everything we do
Whatever you said was meaningless , okay ? You do n't even get it . This is not my dream .
I know . Think I deserve a little treat . I 'm telling you , I 'd really lost hope around guy 17 , you know .
I want to offer you a choice . You have 60 seconds to decide . What is more dear to you , bitch ?
Bedtime . But I 'm studying with Lisa . Hey .
Hey , Bianca . - Nice to meet you , Bianca . - Nice to meet you .
Fi ! In her note , my mom talked about choices , and it never made sense . But what if someone made her choose , choose between doing what she did or -- or something else that was even more horrible ?
Ca n't wait . Should I bring anything or ... ? We 'll ...
Is it true ? Was there a baby before I was born ? You know I love you more than anything .
Well , maybe it 's a private school , an old folks ' home , or something else that has a library . I mean , it 's a possibility . But I 'm telling you , the only public institution I see here is Milburn Juvenile Detention , and that 's about it .
I 'm not happy ! I have n't been kissed in years . - Can we do one more ... ?
I did n't regret hitting '' send , '' but I did regret how I left things with Jess and Casey . So all of this because of some word ?
Which in turn shut off these air fresheners designed to mask the stench . We found his dog locked up in his bathroom over there . Dog by the name of Molly ?
Yeah , I like her . Let me ask you a question . If I were to offer you $ 1,000 to snap her neck , would you ?
He keeps making it my business . He just dropped these off while I was in the library . We just tracked the same thing a few hours ago , the same book , in fact .
This guy 's good , really good . We 've never seen this level of expertise before . I 'm just waiting on the DNA report from Forensics , see if we can get anything on the blood .
Yes , I know . I made some eggs and bacon for you over there on the counter . Thank you .
She feels responsible . She was forced to kill her own father in front of her mother and brother . I 'm simply suggesting that we examine this from -- and by the way , when I say '' we , ''
Last time I tried , he totally freaked out on me . Maybe you should just try , Fi . You know , maybe you should just try .
make a fool of myself : Even if he was blindly Even if I was blindly -- [ Laughs ]
Well , there was : one thing I wanted to -- [ Whimpers ]
I 'm rolling with the Red Motherfuckir Monkey . I got the Green Eggs and Ham hits . I 'm rolling with the Black Dick .
Where ? All the cheerleaders on campus are already Then I do n't know :
That 's the day after tomorrow : - If you 'll excuse me , ladies , I have a lunch date : - [ Tina ] We 'll be ready :
[ Scoffs ] [ Ring Rattles , Rolls Across Floor ] [ Whittier ] Okay :
With all due respect , Dean Sebastian , I do n't think that 's a decision that will go over well - How do you mean ?
Dance , bitch , dance ! Punch him in the knee ! Man :
Senior , with the Boxster I was wondering if -- We just saw the video , `` '' That is the shizzle , '' and we --
Grace . Is it a sign , do you think ? - No , I think it 's a trunk .
Only one condition is treated that way . You 're infected too , are n't you ? That 's more than justice .
You 'll stay right here . You 've seen to quite enough already . Oh my God .
Oh , you 're awake . I brought you some tea . - Thank you .
Well , I could n't very well stand idly by , could I ? Rosemary Jones , you 've been found guilty for the crime of manslaughter . Manslaughter !
Clothes off the washing line . If I thought they looked cool , I thought '' I 'll have that . '' Mountain bikes , ..... anything , lawn mowers .
Any alternative . We 've burned a quarter of our time already . Perhaps they company 's Japanese-owned and this is an origami exam .
He was post-grad and I was a first year , and he was ... He was just different from the others . Still is .
We could carry him to the door and slide him out . He ejected two of us : why should n't we eject him ?
I hit that point where I did n't feel like nothing could hurt me . Once you start to feel a bit more vulnerable , ..... your outlook changes . * He 's on He 's on
No , please . I 'm going to count to three . Three .
* Thought to himself '' Oops , I 've got a lot of money '' * Caught in the rat-race terminally * I 'm a professional cynic
And then once we broke into the boy 's college in the middle of the night , me and some friends and did a striptease for the lads . It was n't any old college either , it was religion and philosophy . Is that where you met Walter ?
It 's become an urban myth , ..... but a lot of people say Beetlebum is about heroin . I do n't know . ls the La 's song There She Goes about heroin ? Does it matter ?
No ! See you in the morning . ( boys laughing )
What does that mean ? That you have a feminine quality about you . - I have a what ?
That 's where I met Walter . He was post-grad and I was a first year , and he was ... He was just different from the others .
I did n't take it to shoot you ! I took it to stop you from using it on us ! Let me tell you what I think .
And the vicar says all innocent , like : `` Just water , Officer . '' And the policeman looks over to the bottle and says : `` Well , that looks like wine to me . ''
What did I tell you before ? - She said leave him alone , White . - Tear it up !
You know it ? - Of course I know it ! I 'm the Vicar 's wife , Lance .
That 's the way I see it . We were quite offended at the time . We were sat in Rockfield and Alan McGee come and said ..... '' Well , they 've moved their single back . ''
I work here ! You were n't wrong about that pill . Hey ...
It 's my partner , OK ? He ca n't afford suppressants , but they 're discounted to employees- are you happy now ? So who else is a charity case here ?
Showtlme . Come on to Uncle Lance . Who the hell is this guy ?
When the record-shop doors opened this morning , ..... battle commenced . The chances are both singles could have been number one ..... had they been released on separate weeks . I 'm a little nervous about the whole thing .
You remember Bob and Ted . I 'm afraid it 's as we feared . The pond .
Yeah , you would n't speak up , if you were . Do n't want to commit career suicide on camera like she just has . With a little help from you .
I 've got two dead bodies . One in the pond , one in the sitting room . - You 've got 3 dead bodies in the pond , you forgot ...
Well , I mean , ..... taking drugs does n't help . That never helps in a situation , you know . You do n't often hear people say ..... '' Ooh , since he 's been taking them drugs , he 's such a nice person . ''
There 's one question before you , and one answer is required . If you try to communicate with myself or the guard , you will be disqualified . If you spoil your paper , intentionally or accidentally , you will be disqualified .
* A horror soundtrack * From a stagnant water bed * And it sounds just like this
I would n't , if I were you . Brown talks like a gambler because he is one . A professional .
Oh , bingo ! Oh God , Lance , you 're a lucky man . - Good evening .
You 're deaf but not dumb , eh ? There is one question before you , and one answer is required . - Answers ?
Credit card fraud . Do a lot of time for that . - Already done my birthday in Paris .
* I know that life wo n't break me * When I come to call * She wo n't forsake me
The Stone Roses , their impact , ..... and that gig , stretches so far beyond the gig itself and the music . The Stone Roses need never have played a note at that gig , ..... the job was already done when the people were there . * The hills as old as time
I never felt that British , you know . Everyone involved in making those records ..... came from totally different ethnic backgrounds , you know . Jamaican , Barbadian , half-Italian for me , English .
* .. in your heart is out * I 'm sure you 've heard it all before * But you never really had a doubt
Do n't knock it till you 've tried it . I 've had plenty of massages . - Thank you very much .
Well , we are indeed , as you say , David , endangered , so I have to say I welcome it . We sell a lot of these books . But surely you ca n't approve of the total lack of literary merit in the writing ?
I just hoping we could talk . I 've come to realise I do n't need all this in my life . I just need you .
Why is she allowed to say these things to me ? Sid does n't restrict your speech . Sometimes it 's good to vent .
Jen , there 's something else . Is n't that your sister-in-law there , David ? Looks like there 's no stopping her now .
[ Woman ] So many people feel they have to live their lives by a set of boring old conventions . Here at bonobo house , we do n't . [ Doorbell rings ]
Lunch is ready . Are you coming to lunch ? You have to try my tuscan salad .
A lioness yawning . Lily had a book which said my spirit animal was a hamster . [ Chuckles ] No , definitely a lioness .
I ca n't help wondering that anyway . Still , it wo n't hurt Zoe 's bank balance . Will you just go !
[ Acoustic guitar playing ] Do you really believe this ? - Sid , sex , monkey business .
Mm ? I like to keep a record . I thought you said you do n't charge people to be here .
[ Exhales ] I 'm not throwing anything away . - Why do you always ...
[ Woman ] Well , send him in . I have n't got all day . Sh e has , actually .
If you want to call it '' throwing away , '' then fine , I was throwing it away because I did n't want it , I was miserable .
Do you know how much Lydia Lovemore earned from her last book ? Oh , I know this one . Four million quid and that does n't include the film rights .
Get this ambulance prepped and ready for operation . [ man 2 ] ... do say will be given in evidence . Do you understand ?
Yes , of course . What you did n't know is that she never signed it . Why ?
That 's what worries me . If you do n't , I ca n't make her talk to you . She should n't have ignored you for six months .
♪ and you scratch mine ♪ I 'll watch your back when you walk the line ♪ I 've got you , baby , I got you , yeah
No , you 're not , mate . Come on , look at it . It 's the embodiment of inconspicuous .
I 'm in business to sell books . As long as they 're not actually breaking any obscenity laws , I will sell them . Well , surely , they are obscene , though .
I saw online . [ Sighs ] Lily sends her apologies in absentia . In what ?
I would refuse . And if I discover any of you young ladies sampling this revolting expression of 21st-century decadence , I should have to retire immediately .
Well , to be honest . It can be a bit much . All that youthful vigor .
And it is completely 100 % untraceable . We end up with thousands of credit and debit card details which nobody knows have gone missing until after we 've swiped one of these magic cards . [ Mike ] Fucking hell .
No . I mean , yes , but , no. `` Oh , yes , but no , but yes , but no , '' but what ?
We can make it work . If Ralph ... [ malcolm ] It 's not just about Ralph . What he was saying there ...
Look at you now . With a whistle , birds wrapped round you in a place like this . You 're either a drug dealer or you 're in the music industry .
Come on , David . It 's time for your next insightful encounter . Oh , bloody hell .
Mother . - Go on , before I change my mind . That 's not why I came back .
Jamie was all right but a bit slow . And Dan was far too much of a stoner for Eddie ' s liking . Topbeef seemed to have a natural dislike for most people , so was the hardest to win over .
And I can argue in its depiction of all women as needing dominated . Does n't stop me reading it , now does it ? Did n't stop me from reading '' lady chatterley . ''
Are you be okay ? Like , I mean , do you want me to do anything ? Just come and see me , okay ?
♪ I 'm standing at the bus stop ♪ waiting for the sun ♪ to separate my soul from my body
You 'll thrill me and thrill me and thrill me ... How else can I explain it ? There was nothing wonky about my upbringing , my parents were decent ... respectable and upstanding members of society .
It 's bad enough us stocking the wretched book , you do n't actually have to read it , as well . You 'll get high on your own supply . It 's research .
Two for me . And then we have a cup of tea . Charlie
I just wan na get back to life . But your life before you first came in here was a disaster , so it has to be a different life . And I 've got a plan that involves a gradual reintroduction to your life , combined with a step by step reduction in your pills .
Well they towed me . ( Kicked out ) Truth be told though they did n't want me in there anymore anyway . Apparently , I 'd managed to cost the system tens of millions of pounds in damage and her Majesty no longer wanted to pleasure herself with Britain 's most expensive prisoner !
There 's nothing more boring than other people 's dreams . No , I want to hear it . ( sighs )
Are we canoeing through traffic ? Well , you can either go to Edinburgh or you can go to the sea . There 's a fork up ahead .
Hello Alyana . You 're aware why we 've asked you here today . If I knew where the cells were , do n't you think I would 've told you ?
What 's wrong with Mickey Peterson ? No , you need a ... fighting name . Like a movie star .
I could 've designed the sleeves , distributed the flyers , licked the envelopes , whatever , I would 've done it . Eve may go on to greatness , but according to me the greatness already happened this summer . The greatness of this summer came from somewhere else .
Have n't had this much excitement since Kajaki . Just make sure we do n't let this one end up with a sign on her . Well , let 's do our job then , wo n't we Dan ?
He 's a dead man , same as you 'll be . The weapons are being delivered tonight . - By the Kosovan ?
♪ I 'm aggravated ♪ ♪ It 's a fault I have , I know ♪ ♪ When things do n't go my way I have to blow up in the face of my rival ♪
How long after you were born in Scotland did you live in Scotland ? All right , well , I was born here and then after like six months we moved . Oh , that does n't count .
Stand by , stand by . Two targets moving towards a black Jaguar . Registration R-2-8-2 .
They -- they did n't know what they were doing . Let me just ask you this . The -- the records that you love , would you say they were folk music , classical , jazz , or pop ?
♪ The bodies heavenly ♪ ♪ Move around the autumn sky with measured dignity ♪ ♪ But my Venus and my Mars are set to clash ♪
I mean , the grenade still done explode when it hits him ... still kills him , no ? How is that even possible ? - Did you get any of that ?
Oh no ! So it was time to suck up the free air and see what the world had to offer me . Very funny boys .
♪ Remember all you saw and tell it back in the stories when the day is done ♪ ♪ Remember all you saw and tell it back in the stories when the day is done ♪
Pull over here . We 'll figure out a way , I promise . You 're not alone , alright ?
♪ ♪ ... you upon my knee ♪ ♪ Tea for two and two for tea ♪ ♪ Just me for you and you for me ... ♪ ♪ hello ...
Another of your prison records broken . So tell me Charles Bronson ... What exactly did you do with yourself for these 69 days ?
Give it a couple of hours . If there 's no movement , I 'll go in . It was Dan 's idea , to the bloke .
I want my hotel room back ! Well I 'm sure you 'll find yourself some solitary . And I did ... 26 years .
♪ But temptation always pulls the other way ♪ ♪ As he waits , his dream fresh inside his head ♪ ♪ His baby is sleeping below ♪
Well , well , well ... Charles Bronson ... is it now ? An American-Mongolian pop star .
If you two do n't get together , then every song and every film and every book I 've ever heard , seen , and read are wrong . It 's different for us .
Jesus ! - Bobby , you did n't even tell her your name ? - I 'll find the weapons , this ends .
♪ When a city closes in ♪ ♪ Noise from the lady upstairs ♪ ♪ She 's as deaf as a post ♪
Pull trigger . Do you have a clear target ? Do it .
So what are we going to do with it then ? We 're going to hand it in . All of it .
Noel Winters , I 'm arresting you on suspicion of murder ... I do n't know what you 're talking about ! Are you reading me my rights ?
I told you . We should have bought a house . Right if we ca n't hide it , at least we can spend it .
He 'll be taken care of . You go home and get some rest . - I wo n't forget what you did
Is that what happened with Mr. Attwell , Noel ? - Did you get angry like you are now ? - Is that your training kicking in ?
They are praying for rain . Where I come from ... people have to pay a tenth of their daily income on water . It 's so expensive that they ca n't afford to wash their hands .
It 's not your job to save this girl , Miller . She knew what she was getting into to . This is not Afghanistan .
Hitler . 2 world wars and 1 ... Shut the fuck up , Kenneth .
After all , I 'm the one with everything to lose . Tell us about the weapons . When and how are they being brought in ?
Up to the main bedroom . Has anyone seen where the phone points are ? Eh , where do I plug this in ?
So , we all took cover ... and watched him die . I 've never told that to anyone . You should have called an ambulance for the girl .
We continue to make money , as the world burns . But for this to work , the people have to remain ignorant of the problem , until it 's too late . That 's why we have trigers in place :
Have a butchers . Or , Sig P 226 , right ? That 's state-of-the-art , high-tech , fucking polymer frame reinforced with fibre glass .
What 's wrong ? How did you know about the bank ? Is this where your mum worked ?
Well , actually I 'm studying the Grandmasters . This was a game between Fischer and Spassky in Reykjavik , in 1972 . In the 7th match , Fischer opened with what 's called a Pirc defence , he 'd never used it before .
It is expected of us . You speak it very well . Thank you .
He 'll be angry ... - Maybe ... she , you know , she wo n't , she 'll stay . Oh great !
No you did right . They stole it , what could you do ? They did give it to a good cause .
Long time ago . It 's quite a chestful of medals . Are you in the middle of a game ?
You 'd be a lot less frustrated if you went on yourself . Damian , tell him to go on . You 'd like to have a million pounds would n't you ?
`` Are there infinitely many pairs of positive integers '' `` such that both m divides n squared plus one and that n divides m squared plus one ? '' When will we find out ?
Use it or lose it . At midnight tonight , it 's euros only for British business . Well if you say so for business ...
Mr. Attwell is dead . Sergeant , could you get Mr. Brown a glass of water , please ? What happened ?
You are gifted , Luke . I do n't even enjoy it . Maths .
Thank you . Is there anyone we can call to be with you ? Or I can send Social Services , if you want ?
Ten quid then ? Look , I 've got a good body . Twenty quid , last offer .
Did Mr Humphreys not tell you that ? Mind you , he never did quite live up to his potential , that one . It 's because his illness was getting worse .
I found a needle in the toilets last week . You think Sid would say something . What 's he gon na do , call the police ?
Yes , this is where our Lord Baby Jesus will be born . And so our Saviour came , bringing peace to all the earth . # Silent night , Holy night ...
Ammo ? It 's a pound a bullet . 7 bills for the.38 , 8 and a half for the Glock and a full grand for that Sig there .
I 'm sorry about the train . So that 's Zhang Mei , is it ? What 's she like ?
Shit . * You 've got the power to know * You 're indestructible
And Ben . The last place was very tight between Nathan and Luke . Both scores somewhat disappointing , but one of you will have to go to Cambridge .
Nearly all of it . Shall we count it before we go ? No , we ca n't we 're really late .
Blimey ! I was going to give it to the poor , but it was really hard . Why did n't you tell me ?
I 'll take this side . I 'm going to the bathroom . Oh , you dirty little bastard .
I think I see the world in a different way to other people . I 've always been like that . Would you like to play with it ?
She said to tell you not to worry . It 's all going to be alright . She 's looking out for you
I presume you 've been diagnosed . Mine said it made me unique. `` '' No one wants to be ordinary , '' they said .
They did give it to a good cause . I would n't have done that at their age . They must be ...
I 've got some news . I was called into work early by Fizz , and she tells me that she 's moving with her husband to New York . I thought , well , there goes my job .
# You were right , dear # I am cold and self-involved # And though I 'll miss you , recent lover # lam weak and therefore fold
Dunno . I think Lawrence said he likes lemon ... Oh , what a mess .
It 's all right . It 's all right , it 's all right , good boy . It 's okay .
You worked with this Nabil , then got him safely deported without arrest . And I was n't meant to make it out alive . You were in line with a promotion of the new government , helped them win , got rid of your boss .
It 's only a one-man thing , but it 's being done properly , all financed by Douglas , who 's obviously got a bob or 2 . It 's about an economist called Thomas Malthus , and it 's all about this influential theory that he wrote. `` On the Principles of Population- 1798 , revised 1803 . ''
Talking of which , this hill 's a killer . Do you mind if we take the weight off ? - Can I ask you a question ?
Hello ? There 's a file for you at the drop box in 10 minutes . Come on .
Yeah . Now , look , I 'm sure he did n't mean anything by it , calling me . It 's just he does n't think sometimes , does he ?
Hey , look , why do n't we have a weekend away ? Georgie 's going to see some friends . We 'd have 2 whole nights .
We slipped away . I have never stopped thinking about you , Kate . You have to know that .
You see , until now , I 've never really had any control over my life . I 've always lived with people who took all the responsibility , whether it was my family or flatmates or lovers . For the first time , I feel like I 've got some power .
It 's fine . - You do n't do anything right . - I 'm sorry ?
Camping in the Brecon Beacons , rafting , paintball , team bonding . ( Ash ) And we combine these with religious teachings . Now , as a successful Muslim businessman , you want your staff ...
This is the last time , OK ? You know I love you . We must rise up against these Western pigs who occupy our lands .
Show that no matter what the choice of cards to turn this sequence of moves must terminate . Nathan , hiding in the back wo n't help you . Would you like to come up and show us ?
And I swear if I put a cup of tea on the sideboard , you 'd see the same ripples in my tea . So I called her the Tyrannosaur . I thought it was funny .
My life is in great danger . I need a guarantee of protection . A Secret Service team are after me now .
She looks great . She 's got a date with that Paul tonight . She thinks he 's the one .
It 's really , really beautiful . Jim and Jill will really , really love it . Right .
* Hey , you 're talking , blah blah blah So , how much would something like that go for , then ? 150 grand .
It peaces out after a few weeks . I ... really like you , and ... Well , it 's not easy .
( Static over earpiece ) I 'm sure by now your newspapers and television have depicted me as a madman , an evil outsider hell-bent on destruction . Your corrupt and degenerate media will spin my actions to suit the government agenda .
Good on you . I 'd have done the same thing . '' 'But nobody ever does .
You know the type . He 'd got expensive tastes , but it was always someone else who picked up the bill . And William --
I 've learnt my lesson . I 'd never introduce my man to my gay friends again . But I do n't mind introducing you to my friends --
Your Grandma 's taking you to Hannah 's party . I thought you were looking forward to the sleepover . Hanna 's a poo-head .
You amaze me . We usually keep her locked in the attic . Should n't you be going ?
Sorry . I did n't want to force it on you . I just wanted to say thanks .
Grab a seat . Can I get you something ? - Do you have any aspirin ?
Only last year , Mary and Val got really pally . Then a couple of weeks ago , they had a big bust-up . Do you know what it was about ?
`` Any son of a bitch who starts to shoot at me , `` I 'm going to shoot them , too. `` Then I 'm going to kill all his friends , his family ,
FLA 178 , but nothing doing . And if it was flat 17B ... There was something missing off the end , though , was n't there ?
' I just wanted to look at you , that 's all . 'Did n't want to know you . 'Because I knew if I got to know you , you 'd have your own shite .
Aye , but ... - Do you want a hand ? - No , it 's OK .
( Man on radio ) Some breaking news for you now . A Mr Glenn Conlon has been reported missing . Mr Conlon was a banker and a former private in the Army Reserves .
J ' Tiente la tua paura J ' J ' Io con sicura feds J ' J ' I'aspetto .
I want to explain to you . Please pick up the phone ! Pick up the phone .
Huh ? You know , this gym was a very good idea . You 're doing very , very well , my friend .
I 'll have cost you a great deal more . Mary Tremlett was a regular attendee at your parties . Along with several other girls from Cowley Road School .
You seem confused at our actions . Lost in your decadent world . Unable to act .
Did n't take ? It was the Royal Signals . But no , it did n't take .
He did . Oh , do you know different ? - I thought you were leaving .
How are you ? You know , divorced , stressed , underpaid . Think I found a lump in the shower this morning .
Well , think that 's wise . Listen , I 'm just about to leave for London . You can reach me there if there 's anything you think should know .
For a diminished-responsibility defense to be credible , Darius would have to have a hallucinatory flashback in which he saw his entire family as Iraqis and then killed them all in self-defense . Crime scene does n't bear that out .
Think about how this looks . We 're on the front pages now . Is this gon na make your CV look any better ?
In a manner of speaking . Do you have any idea what time he 'll be back ? No , I 'm afraid not .
You can give me your findings over the telephone , ca n't you ? You know , there 's a word for people like you , Morse . Is there ?
Oh , it 's a small-town love story . All-American boy weds all-American girl . Prom queen .
Did he say what he wanted with your husband ? No , assumed it was college business . But ask him , I 'm sure he 'll tell you .
whoo ! Well , this is it , the World Athletics Championships are here in London , and/ { ' 5 ma/ re or break time for all of these athletes . There 's such an amazing vibe here in London .
So Darius , he tries to kill himself , he makes mincemeat of his throat but still misses the carotid artery ? And second , 30 stab wounds , and most of them were not deep . No , less than an inch , which implies the need to inflict pain and suffering .
My letter of resignation . It 's been burning a hole in my pocket this past week . Perhaps you 'd see it reaches the appropriate channels .
Ifs gon na be dose ! And it looks like a photo finish ! So , so close .
Ukraine , Nigeria ..... Great Britain , USA ... Great Britain start right next to the favourites , the United States . And of course , we 've got the Ukraine in there , we 've got the Jamaicans .
Well , maybe his flatmate does n't know Percival as well as he thinks he does . So what , he 's waiting in Bagley Wood when Mary turns up ? Mm-hmm , could be he was planning on doing them both , sir .
You know I was set up . Someone does n't like what I 'm doing . With the strong advice that you pack up and go home before you do yourself any more harm .
What rules are you talking about ? No relationships between athletes and staff . It 's an automatic sacking offence .
It was 8 : 16 Sunday morning . This vet saw her waiting on the first bus to Woodstock . Do you believe him ?
I 'm looking forward to beating you a second time . Yes , this one can stay ! I want you guys to go through the first set of cones .
'And , you know , things can happen to them and they can have a bad time , 'and they can end up , like , you know , not in a good place , like , mentally , 'and a lot of the time physically , 'so it is a definite bonus to have , like , a strong family background . ' I 'm not saying it 's the be all and end all ... '
Hi . So , are you ready for the move to the athlete 's village ? I think so .
I do n't miss the pressure . I 'd dream that I was running the race the night before , every time . I know what you mean .
I beat Lisa Temple in a race today . Did you see my time ? Brian , did you time me ?
She probably saw which way the wind was blowing and headed back to Austin . I thought she was on your side . I did n't ask her to be .
One change-over to go . The Jamaicans are in front . Hand !
I know , David , I saw . Along with thousands of other people . David 's right .
We wish you were here . All get over here and sing '' Happy Birthday . '' Okay .
Thanks , Brian . Come on , get a shower at mine . I 'll give you a lift to training .
What you got on offer ? - I 'm good for it , you know . Bruv , you see that ?
`` Welcome to Bradfield . '' Any idea where that came from ? What do you know about Darius and drugs ?
All of you . ♪ We are the firm ♪ ♪ The firm ♪
Do n't corrupt the kid . We 're here to discuss his future . Okay .
♪ On a constant search For things that she can loot ♪ What it 's worth to her And what it 's worth to you ♪ And the other way round Vice versa 's true
But , um , sooner or later , he 'll be a free man . And when that happens , you 'll be reunited . If he finds out about me , he will find out about you .
Uh-huh . You 're a bad man now . Huh ?
Bruv , some woman left it on a train . And you 're bringin ' it here to me ? Look , bruv , it 's more complicated than that , yeah ?
♪ Now all I want is shining you ♪ ♪ Time to go ♪ ♪ It 's time to go ♪
Hello Kelly , my name 's Sarah you 're not gon na name my sister ? allright , i 'll call her Wendy who 's that ? is that your Mum ?
Who will start the bidding ? Thank God you came back . They will take me back to the flat soon .
Thanks your Mum and Dad know , you 're begging ? can i have some of that ?
it 's big , is n't it ? - massive last week does it hurt ? - not as much what a pair , ey ?
chocolate- chocolate so who looks after you then , Joanne ? what do you mean ?
Jeez , what happened , to your face ? - Nothing for you to worry about Do you want something or not ?
i took one and i smoked it in the toilet upstairs he caught me as a punishment , he made me eat the whole packet everything felt as
yeah How often did my dad ask from you ? What do you mean ?
Tell Stubbs . I 'm sure he 'd love to know all about it . Yeah .
Joanne Derek she 's been out a couple of nights where you been staying ? she 's just asked me all that
You know what ? My dad taught me how to do jigsaws . He said , '' Sally , always get your corners in place first .
♪ Well , please do n't excite me , baby ♪ ♪ I know it ca n't be me ♪ ♪ ' Cause I give you all of my money ♪
Hello , Stewart ? it 's Derek i think i found them i am on my way to them now , they 're in Brighton call me when you know
Good journey ? You not joining in the party ? Oh .
Keith Archer . I 'm secretary of Leeds United Football Club . - Nigel , come on .
i am a friend of Kelly 's we 're just waiting for her what friend ? Derek , here she is coming how long have you been here ? had about enough of these cunts
But we gave Brighton our word . And they paid us the money . We can give back the money .
it 's a nightmare ... , it 's my cousin Joanne you 've been to hospital for that ? - No
IF YOU WANT ME TO SHOW YOU HOW TO MAKE A LATTE , I WILL . BUT IT 'S NOT MY JOB TO CATER FOR MY PEERS . NICE HOUSE !
HAVE SOME FAITH . HE 'S NOT THE ONE I 'M WORRIED ABOUT . THIS REMINDS ME OF THE GOOD OLD DAYS .
THIS MAN 'S BEING TORTURED . HIS EYES ARE BEING CUT OUT AND FED TO HIM . SO WHAT ARE YOU SAYING ?
RIGHT . WELL , WHAT WAS THE LAST ADDRESS YOU PUT IN IT ? OTHER THAN MINE , WHICH I PUT IN MYSELF .
AND WE 'LL KEEP AN EYE UPSTAIRS , AND -- AND JUST BE REALLY CAREFUL . LOOK AFTER HIM , AND LOCK THE DOOR WHEN WE LEAVE .
Would n't you expect some degree of resentment to this ? I would accept ... and expect a strangeness ... initially . Perfectly normal .
BUT , HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT THEY 'RE UNDER THERE NOW ? I MEAN , YOU CA N'T ACTUALLY SEE THEM , CAN YOU ? NO .
♪ FOR HE 'S A JOLLY GOOD FELLOW , AND SO SAY ALL OF US . ♪ ( banging on table ) SPEECH , SPEECH . YOU ALL KNOW MY BIRTHDAY IS N'T FOR AT LEAST THREE MORE HOURS ,
Hello ? - You asked me to find a player ... with a good head , experience . Well , I found one .
YOU ALL KNOW MY BIRTHDAY IS N'T FOR AT LEAST THREE MORE HOURS , SO THERE 'S ABSOLUTELY NO CHANCE OF ME GIVING A SPEECH . OH , COME ON , IT 'S BEEN YOUR BIRTHDAY IN BANGKOK FOR HOURS .
I presume you 're referring to Don Revie ... who has long been regarded as a father figure in Leeds . Now you 're coming in as the outsider ... the enemy , even , after all the things you 've said in public . Coming in and taking over as a stepfather .
AYE , THEY WERE ON THE FLOOR . DAMIEN 'S PRACTICALLY BLIND WITHOUT THESE . HE CA N'T HAVE GOT VERY FAR .
Come on , Derby ! - You know what your job is today ? - Yes , boss .
( cheering , clapping ) SO , HOW 'S THE PHILOSOPHY COURSE GOING ? EXISTENTIALIST .
OKAY , YOU TWO SEARCH THIS FLOOR FOR TOM , AND WE 'LL KEEP AN EYE UPSTAIRS , AND -- AND JUST BE REALLY CAREFUL .
Not just impressing your friends in the director 's box . ... I suggest you keep your eyes on your road haulage business . Keep your opinions to yourself and start signing some fucking cheques .
A PAIR OF CONTACTS AND I 'M DONE . THE JOYS OF BEING PERFECT . WELL , I AM THE CHAP OF CHAPS .
SHE 'S GONE DOWNSTAIRS ALREADY . I 'M FASHIONABLY LATE , AS USUAL . - IT 'S GREAT TO SEE YOU .
SINCE SCHOOL WE 'VE NOT SPENT NEARLY ENOUGH TIME TOGETHER , SO I 'D LIKE TO THANK HIM FOR GETTING US ALL UNDER ONE ROOF . BUT , MORE IMPORTANTLY , IT 'S HIS 21st BIRTHDAY .
DRINK AND STAY . HAVE YOU GOT ANY SCOTCH ? DO N'T START , TOM .
( Lorraine ) Today , I do every day clean and sober . If I ever felt like using , then I 'd only have to think of the consequence of losing him and that 's more than enough to keep me clean . I think I had to grow up .
He bullies you , you bully him back . - Near post those corners we worked on . - Yes , boss .
Well , I would n't say no . I got a drop of cooking sherry . We 've got several things in common .
Because she was lovely . And she 'd give you what she could and help as much as she could . She had time to talk to you .
Yeah , and she seemed better in herself . Her confidence levels were better . Mum had come home drunk .
Mentally ... I 've seen girls hang themselves over it . You know , erm ...
And you 'd sooner fester down there with all those bloody Tories in that blue- rinse retirement home by the sea ? Brighton 's a small club , I 'll give you that . - Bloody midgets .
... about life on the downtrodden Buttershaw Estate in Bradford . Lorraine was just 11 when her mother died from a suspected brain haemorrhage and her daughter had descended into drugs by the age of 14 . The judge said Dunbar had totally failed as a parent by omission rather than commission .
Come on . I think it must have been hard for her to have a mixed-race child on a ... on a whole-white and very racist estate . Erm ...
Do n't make this difficult for me , Pete . You know why I 'm here . I wo n't bloody grovel .
Wait a minute . How much did she leave you ? Erma thousand pounds .
So ? - Where will you get the money from ? - You , where do you think ?
Can I see it ? He knows someone that can get us cheap flights . So can we go in Easter , can we ?
Now is the time for building bridges , not burning them . - Come here , you lovely man . - Hang on ...
Everything was weird , and then I got separated from Lisa and Andrew and that was odd . Being the person that had looked after them for so many years , it was hard . My Auntie Janine , she was what , 18 ?
I stayed mostly clean . I used maybe once every two week through Harris 's pregnancy . He was born an addict .
A new day . My life is about to change . Our lives .
I was n't a day person any more , I was a night person . I said I was 18 , I went to work in a house . Erm , in Huddersfield .
You understand ? You know , I never understood it , you know when people talk about guns being phallic . What a load of old tits .
Do you know what hospital they 've taken her to ? They 're not moving her anywhere , William . They 're keeping her at the home .
Miss me , baby girl ? You should n't be calling me . Eddie would n't like it .
Yeah , I know what he said , Jenna . It 's just I 'm so tired I 'm knackered . Do n't you want babies , Freddie ?
And get an early night . Big day tomorrow , like I was explaining you . Nice one .
No , you did , darling . Oh , Daddy , you are so clever . Yeah , that 's right .
I need an early night . Come up and help me relax proper . Sure , Eddie .
Tickety-boo . Just a few things I had in mind for ages . I 'm on a bit of a roll , actually .
All those kings and queens with their armies and wars . I love all that stuff . Being what is technically known as a proper villain ,
Very nice . - That 's the trouble with you , William . ( Mobile rings ) 20-odd years on the sidelines playing bass .
Now , Albert had heard about lions , how they were ferocious and wild . When he saw Wallace lying so peaceful , well , it did n't seem right to the child . '' That was Mum 's mobile .
Thanks . Bedtime , I think , do n't you ? That 's er ... own beds .
Boy ... I 'm sorry , boys , but you have grown ! God .
Good boy . You know , if I was getting out , you know what I 'd do first ? You 'd get drunk .
That 's all right . So there 's just Eddie , his boy , and a girl up there ? Why ?
Yeah , you think you know everything . Taking no notice when I said no breast-feeding . Cos you know best .
William , what 's this about ? We had the reading of my mum 's will this afternoon , and ... You tell me .
All I 've got is the clothes on my back and a lifer 's riddle in my head . What I probably need most is a friend . Yeah , well ...
There are four , they come out of the house . Load everything , this is it . I 've ordered $ 2000 .
That comes later . The thing is , some people just ca n't make a decision for themselves . They do n't want to .
What you doing ? What 's it look like I 'm doing ? I 'm finishing off the job .
One of my men was in it . And otherwise I would come get him . I always get them back .
Good girl . Delta , do n't be jealous now . We could n't have done all this without Porsche .
Gabe ? We need some stuff home address . We must away .
And in return , I make sure you stay out ofjail . You 're not harassed by the authorities , the competition , or any other antagonist that just come along . So we pay you for ... protection ?
Also my friend Andrei . Watch out if you get over him . Out .
He was a priest who said that the only sensible that you can do with your life ... is committing suicide . That have you just nearly done . I 'll tell you something .
And where exactly are we gon na find more ? Oh , there 's lots more ... product just waiting for us to dig it up . He 's looking at me .
You should all come . Any gifts , but on time . We do not come too late .
Mitch , you catch on . Stevie fires right , Sam left . Three .
When shall we three meet again ? In thunder , lightning , or in rain ? When the hurly-burly 's done .
Them I can handle it . You do not know who these people are . I know I do not back Sonny .
Never before have ordinary people had so much freedom and opportunity . The year is 1828 , and we are building a new world . A new and better world .
Sharpen up , men . We 're going to pay the King a visit . Morning , Willy .
Let 's call the police . No , there are four corpses . I do not want a son in jail to see .
Ginny ? I think they liked it . Five curtain calls and a standing ovation .
She has a father . I have a brother need . I did not fight .
He wants to see you , sir , at your earliest convenience . His Lordship also said to bring Doctor Knox 's portfolio with you . Captain .
I do not have to tell you this . The next 48 hours are crucial . She married about 48 hours .
Get the corpses . Put them in the barn . Cristi not forget ...
Monro has now taken to using political influence to hinder the advancement of medical science . Beggars ca n't be choosers , sir . I had to take the only one that Resurrectionist McTavish had left .
The sex club . - There is a girl on a farm . I do not know how to get there .
At your service , sir . What more could a man ask for ? Mighty fine place you have here , gentlemen .
Shut up . Tonight is a very particular fight . Three men in a cage .
Er , Ginny ? How many people are out there ? Standing room only .
Jed , help him . You have killed my brother . Please .
Oh yes , I 'm sure . But there are forces which I had to hide . So I know what fear is .
I do , actually . But forgive me , I need to have a word with Doctor Knox . I 'd be surprised if Knox would speak to you , now that ...
Yeah . This book is my life , my reason . But today I lay it down .
Thanks . Key 's under the flower pot . - How long since the alert went out ?
These are strange times . And we find ourselves with more than one area of mutual interest . You need to learn when to leave well alone .
I wish my Dad would come back . Do you think he 'll come back ? Yeah .
Victims ' compensation . This list should give me a comprehensive run down on everyone who was there that day , names , seat numbers ? Not everybody .
I 'm going to ask the doctor to come and see you ... Would you like to tell me what 's going on ? It was 28th April .
That 's right opposite me . I can see the Wellington Estate from my place . Bet it 's done wonders for the price of your house .
Now , in you get . Mr Rabbit does n't like going in the dizzy machine . Yeah , but we have to keep him nice and clean , do n't we ?
'So , too , is the Prime Minister . 'Each one carries an image of one of those who died . 'They 're calling it the cemetery in the sky .
'Love is furious and brave and loud . 'You could hear it in the noise that my boy made when he played with his cars . 'Vroom !
I know you said to leave you alone . I would 've died that day if I had n't met you . But I need to understand why this happened .
I 'm running really fast . ' 'Asian youth with a backpack running towards platform two . ' Stop !
What about your wife ? - I 'm not sure we 'd take her . It 's quite a small caravan , you see ?
I mean , he 's beautiful , but ... full of energy . He 's obsessed with a toy rabbit who smells . Wo n't even let me wash it .
You could just grunt or something , just so I do n't feel like a complete prat . Sorry , Terrence , I did n't quite catch any of that . - What about your wife ?
Now turn the pussyhole over . I want him to see me . - So he knows who he fucked with .
Course . That man there should be sharing the wealth , man . Yeah , I 'm on it still .
I 'll give you three grand now . And then three more when it 's done . I ai n't chatting shit to you , all right ?
I told you to keep him . - Have you got the gear ? - Why should I give you anything ?
I have n't seen any of them . I have n't seen your mum in , like , a year . - What about my brother ?
Man , you know that fool crazy . You know he 's crazy , Reg . Well , we going anyway , so shut the fuck up !
You were my first . That was a mistake , all right ? We made a mistake , that 's all .
Hold up . That 's supposed to be Chris . What 's up , college boy ?
Let 's go ! All right , shame on you ! ( SOBBING )
Man , not this fool again . Do n't come near me with that camera , Chris . All right , then .
And the more that I was holding on , the more everything just fell apart . Lindsey , let me help you . Do n't say that !
♪ Just concentrate on my nine to five ♪ ♪ Finally get that promotion ♪ Uh !
You , huh , doing everything everybody tells you to . You know , Mom , I did the deal . All right ?
♪ Every chapter , every scene ♪ Auditioning for the lead ♪ Memorized every page
Two fucking years . So , you know , um , when I was in the med ward , there were these visitors that would come in and read to us . One of them told me something .
( WHISPERS ) Walter . Yes , you can , right into the ground , just like you run your life . - You go to hell !
You 're making Jim nervous . Sit down , man sit down . Will you please sit down ?
♪ ♪ Well , I do n't know how else to say ♪ ♪ In a different way
It 's not a great day . Ariel was telling me the two of you are homeless . What ?
What ? You can sleep here if you want to . Hold .
♪ Touching her bare feet ♪ The air breathes sweet ♪ At the mountains peak
That 's why we got ta kill this motherfucker quick . Is there something funny about this situation , Mikey , huh ?
♪ And the penitentiary in our mind ♪ ♪ There 's no need to bleed for your father ♪ ♪ Or son all the the one that you recall ♪
MARK : Why have n't I met your future husband yet ? 'Cause you 're busy .
♪ The air breathes sweet ♪ At the mountains peak ♪ And I forgot
♪ Stand with the families ♪ Pull to sounds of the band from Atlantis ♪ ♪ One lovely day , one lovely day ♪
Not even to say thanks ? I mean , the guy gives you , like , what , a $ 2,000 watch , and he does n't even get a thank you ? Oh , he got his thank you .
Uh , excuse me . How much does this cost ? Mr . Deeds says it 's free for employees .
Your hearing 's in five weeks , it 's your first Christmas in four years , you can bet there 's gon na be something under the tree . When was the last time you got a tree ? I 'm getting you a kickass present , so unless you want socks , you better say something .
Of course she does . Well , you better get busy . You 're not getting any younger .
I told him to park it behind the stables last night . He said he would , but he did n't . My old man must have seen him leaving or something .
You tired of driving me already ? You know what , I 'll get a driver . Do n't you worry about me .
♪ Only once in a lifetime ♪ Baby , we was born ♪ Baby , we were born
We have to go . We have to go right now ! Okay , okay .
My brother . My father told me to take care of him and that 's what I intend to do . Can you take care of this , please ?
I just tried to relax myself a little bit . I 'm so sorry about the other night . It 's okay .
Yeah , but he talked about ... - Lookit , Faith , everyone deals with pain or the past differently . Some choose to run from it by having as much fun as humanly possible .
Maybe you should sleep with her once . See if you like it . It does n't mean you ca n't see other women too .
I 've got this cousin out in L.A . He could put us up for a little while , I think . Nothing great , but it would be , you know .
Him and I and the slaughter days . I try to stay somewhere else , and he wo n't let me . The weak ... become strong .
Very dense . He needs a new agent . It 's been too long .
Excuse me . I 'm still using this station . Thank you .
Arkady Federov . He 's killing just about everyone who was close to him from your good old days . Now my information is that he 's gon na try and kill you .
Remember , you 'll be in front of a lot of people . - Do n't ruin the whole thing for me . - You 'll win .
Filthy Chechen terrorists did n't want to give it to us . So ... one day , a building blew up . Good Russian soldiers with mommies and daddies back at home get sent back in pieces .
He just took off and went to your mother 's . It 's my night , he knows that . You think we could ease up on whose night is whose ?
Okay , 371 . You were born in Carolina ... North , not South .
Did you have a reason ? - I felt I could 've written it . - Okay .
That place just seemed to fit you . Well , ca n't a little ol ' girl-child have herself a high ol time in the big city ? Beats slavin ' on this ball and chain .
Now , whatever that girl knows , a lot of people want it . And if they ca n't find her , you 're the next closest thing . Do you have files on the women you help ?
Hey . - When 's Bernard coming to get you ? - In an hour .
That 's exactly what it is . I mean , not exactly , but , you know , it 's really close . So you know what I mean ?
`` Been a long time '' ? - You still out of Berlin ? Berlin ?
You have to try . It 's no fun for me if you do n't try . - I wan na be a tennis pro like Ivan .
So they decided to pull her . I could n't get to her without them knowing . If she came to our side , she was going to die .
Stop calling me chick ! Mom told us they 'd never get divorced . So Mom 's a liar .
Lf I had made more dinners would that have made a difference ? - I was ready to leave long ago . I just did n't know it then .
Good . First I 'm going to ask you some simple control questions . Do you have 10 toes ?
It 's his night here . Okay , you can kiss me now . No , the moment 's ruined .
Okay , type something . I 'm trying to think of something funny . Damn .
It 's to ask how . All we did was sit back and watch everybody die . Would you like some water ?
You 're pathetic . The truth of the matter is , I 'm the only one with any sense around here . Your friend Jonah was never here , Nic .
No ! - Your target has just severed the femoral artery of a woman . - No !
Hey . Why 'd you let go of my hand ? - What ?
Stop , Stop . - I think it 's right here . - You serious ?
Those who allow soda and sugar cereal , and those who do n't . We 're not supposed to use paper towels to wipe our hands . Cloth is for that .
OK , OK. Maybe you will kill me . We will see .
Listen to me . Haley is really , really sick . Okay , we have to tell someone .
But everything 's gon na be all right , I promise you . I just wanted to hear your voice . And tell you Have you more than anything in this world .
I want information . Someone is here in Belgrade to kill you and it 's not me . I can tell you who it is , but I want something in return .
I just ca n't right now . Look , I get we have to take Haley to California . But there 's no reason we should n't do this , too .
But you might have to do it . Just to please the school . - I do n't need it .
What are you doing ? You can keep your promises . I do n't want them .
Chechnya . This ugly , dirty , little godforsaken country . Oil , however , lots of it .
I did not mean it like that . It did not look right . - Aaron ...
All right . I know I killed your best friend . Accidentally .
The best thing you can do for her right now is to help us . Now , will you please try to cooperate with me ? - Okay .
Does it look like I 'm having fun ? Do not make me ask again . Stay away from my son , otherwise I tear you to pieces .
I 'm just saying ... I 'm just saying I need to protect myself . From what ?
And I am very happy . Well , I hope you enjoy the rest of your very happy life in Brooklyn with the dogs , Miss Glick . I 'm looking for a woman with glasses , brandishing a gun , um ...
Hear what ? Listen , with your mouth open , like this . Excuse me ?
One more thing , kid . Stay out of the spotlight . Give me paper , pack of six .
What was your proximity to them ? It is so easy to find . Always such a nice bit of color against the dark nights .
No , thanks . Well , better for me anyway if you 've got no social life . Who else would stay behind on a Friday night to do inventory every Friday night .
Do not flip out . Just remember the trick with the door handle . My brother is studying at Columbia .
Now listen to me . It is extremely dangerous for you up there . I can only safeguard you from them down here .
It 's okay . - I did not ask for your approval . Did I say something wrong ?
Milton . But that 's not what I asked for . Clean and simple ...
And he holding Vernon here . And Demetrius , he fall , fall , and fall . I can see he gon na land on top of the baby .
Ja ... I thought it was obvious . I do not know .
Thanks , baby . I 've had about enough of this . If you 're my uncle , who 's that ?
Rewind . On his lap is a small heart-shaped box , which you must guard carefully , until you receive further instructions . This is a check which should cover your activities for the week .
He appreciates your little horse story that you told him , to give you a gift like this . Made you feel like you have a real daddy ? Made you feel safe , Car ?
What the hell do I do ? Call the police , the hospital ! Behave as if you care !
[ grunts ] Actually , that 's , um , that 's our postal box key . This key is the one that unlocks the padlock around your ankle .
I 'm sorry , but Uncle was very specific about table number five . Old times ' sake and all that . Then Luigi will join you .
The horse story ? When I was nine , I really wanted a horse . And my stepfather , Ron , was not into giving me one .
How do we measure as best our penises ? We measure best volume by displacement . Imagine a beer mug filled with water .
Fuck ! - I ca n't believe you came ! - The fuck is wrong with you ?
Salaam , Susan . It say in India when guests visit . Take your coat .
Will you throw me out again ? Because I 'm friends with a woman ? It 's crazy !
Daddy ? Here 's what I want you to know . I want you to know that I never blamed you for what happened , for what happened to Mom , okay ?
Yes ! This might be all right , Uncle . Can I sit on your lap ?
Daddy ? Tell me again how to make the elevator run from the remote . Get to the keypad in the back of the panel .
Do you always take with you sketchbook di to the engineer class ? It looks like you have talent . I want to have simple , clean lines .
Are n't you taking him ? As you must know , Uncle has n't specified anything for himself tonight . So I 'm off to try out his infallible system for roulette .
No . I left the car in the lot . Hello .
Hotel Ville Parnasse ? Avez vous un Harry Witherspoon registered there ? No ?
Uh , Simon said he had a job for me , for which he would pay $ 5,000 . He told me to bill the firm , to send something to a third party . He said to write the invoice on legal letterhead like I had before .
Loophole . - Yes , it 's not your fault your uncle was stolen . - No .
Now , my sister thought she was going to start a whole new life and live ever after and leave me holding the bag . You forgot one thing , Rita . You can only push an optometrist so far .
Listen , according to the report , $ 80 to $ 100 in food and housewares is missing . From the Toy house , we are down a tool set , grill utensils and about $ 240 in cash .
Uh , I could be interested . I could be very interested . What 's your names ?
♪ Joe , what do you tell your dad when you leave all the time ? If we were talking , I still would n't tell him shit .
[ Hobbs ] I 'm much heavier than I should be . And I 'm quite incapable of normal sexual function . Ca n't have sex ?
Look at your mama . Oh , bless his little heart . Oh , please , honey , do n't cry .
SHELBY : Sitting right on top of the dresser . I can not think what Sigmund Freud would say .
Okay ? And you watch this as many times as you need until you accept that that 's the truth , okay ? I love you , Daddy .
Hmm . Let Jackson take care of you . I 'm gon na make him wait on me hand and foot .
Should I put this in my belly and lay out in the sun - for two months , digesting it ? - Dad , enough !
The bellhop confirmed he was the billionaire media mogul Hobbs , and , $ 1,000 bucks later , he gave me his room number . And you taped the whole thing . [ Caroline ] Yeah , it was easy .
Why did you look in the elevator ? I think you wanted me to , Caroline . Goodbye , Caroline .
Are you and Owen , you know ? Wait , I 'm trying to get the mental picture . Oof , now it wo n't go away .
Do you want me to unhinge my jaw like an anaconda ? Should I put this in my belly and lay out in the sun - for two months , digesting it ?
The turtle died , then ? Yeah , the turtle died , Frank . I suppose that 's a shame .
Goodbye , watcher . Glad you got a good view . You know , you were right .
Daddy 's right here . You can tell the truth . Is n't it true that very deep down inside ... you know you need much more than your daddy can give you ?
Should I get her a cookie ? No , no , no , juice is better . Here 's the juice .
Joe , I love it here . I want to spend the rest of my days with you . That 's an emotional fact for me .
I do n't understand exactly what you mean . You told me that you would be my lawyer ? Sam , I 'm your --
Too bad . The plans are already made . Your sister 's driving all the way in .
( LAUGHS ) I ca n't even think how she made gray icing . Come on , please .
I may know someone who handles these kinds of cases . I 'll see if she can help you . Leave your number with Patricia .
I pray real hard to make heads or tails of it , and I think , in Shelby 's case , she wanted to take care of that baby , of you , of everybody , and her poor body just got worn out . It would n't let her do everything that she wanted to do .
All sorts of them . Yeah , Patrick , um , he usually takes care of the gathering , you know , berries , roots . I take care of the meat and the protein .
Oh , okay , honey . Well , I already made dinner , though , so take some vegetable soup for you and Joe . Uh , no , thanks .
Me . What is that supposed to mean ? Nothing .
Watch the fireworks ? No , you go ahead to M'Lynn 's . I 'm happy right here .
From here on out , - all the food goes either in the fire or in the ground.- ( groans ) God , man , you 're so doom and gloom all the time .
You think what they think . You 're my lawyer , And you think what they think ? I do n't have a chance .
I brought that for you . By any chance , did you call your friend ? The one that does this kind of work ?
He 's lonely , is my guess . He needs to get out and meet someone . I asked him , '' When you meet a guy , how can you tell that he 's ...
Her colors are pink and pink . I just serve it over ice cream to cut the sweetness . My colors are blush and bashful .
That is ... that is great . Actually , I need a picture . Shit , can I my phone ?
* Just what you are beneath a star * * that came to stay one rainy day * * in autumn for free . * Yes , be what you 'll be . *
Mr. Dawson , I 'm sorry , but I have -- I have to be in court in eight minutes with the Kresges . But good luck to you .
I do n't really want to work there anymore ... because there 's too many people . Then maybe we can find you a quieter job , because -- Remember that was one of the judge 's conditions ... that you earn more money .
I 'll think about it . We 'll come up with a promotion that 's good for you . But I know what that means .
I was wondering if you got anything from them That might work in my key influences story ? Yeah , of course .
Because I 've been thinking about it , a lot actually , and I realized that , you know , nobody 's seen me like that in , like , six months , - and it 's not like it 's rare ... - Good evening , everyone .
When I was little , I used to want to name my daughter Desiree Because of that song .
I told you that when we first met . You said you would be my lawyer ? Yes .
Jonny-Boy ! - Don Jon , what 's good , baby ? - What up ?
It 's not that big a deal . What 'd you get for your birthday ? I have n't opened my presents yet .
Before I just slam A tape recorder down in front of you . That 's really nice .
* Then I find they were your sick little games . * * You knew mine , * but I never knew your name . Sherry mcgrale ?
I pay . Sam , do you really want to get this ... or are you Just trying to ... trying to act like a ... What do you mean ?
You did n't , you did n't mean to startle me , you walked by , but I just ... so I wanted to say thank you . Were you ...
Thank you so much . You made this house beautiful . You come back anytime you need to .
¡ ° ' Green Eggs and Ham '' by Dr. Seuss . ¡ ° ' I am Sam . '' Hey , you .
Bye . I 'll see you in court tomorrow . Save me a seat , Sam .
So , what do you say ? You , me and our friends , we go out sometime ? - Oh , yeah .
It 's everything . It 's the only thing that matters in my life . Why do you keep sabotaging
By any chance , did you call your friend ? The one that does this kind of work ? I do n't have her number anymore .
Get your fuckin ' ass up . I was betrayed by my own body . When they put me in that shower ...
This is what I 'm trying to tell you , if you would listen to me . I 'm telling you guys something . You be a man , you do the right thing , you find the right girl and you treat her the right way ?
I 'd be happy to do it . Especially if you got to be out by tomorrow . You do n't want to help me move .
I got rid of that killjoy back there . I thought maybe we could do that interview now . Um , you mean right now ?
When we were in Michigan , something happened . And I needed to come home and tell you , um ... I went on that hike with Chris , and , uh , we ended up kissing .
* I never knew where evil grew . * * Evil grows in the dark , * where the sun , it never shines . * * Evil grows in cracks and holes * * and lives people 's minds .
You 're looking at the cleaning crew right now . All right , can I help ? We 're gon na clean it up .
I wrote this . And I sent a copy of it to your parole board And to my editor at the magazine .
What ? I feel like I should leave my jacket in the car . Maybe not .
♪ You turn me on so ♪ With your bee-sting lips ♪ And your pepper grinder hips
( Woman ) * Whispers drift on a black ocean so strong . * * With outstretched arms , the black ocean offers calm . * * Here I forget that it 's been so long . *
! Word gets out about Carrie , the cops will- they 've done this before ... And they 're gon na do it again .
I could n't understand you , either . Speak up and talk like a human being . - Shush .
Show the girl . I got a knife to her throat . - If my hand slips ...
Yeah , I do n't know anything about that . Your boss tells me you were here that day . You spoke to Larry ?
I 'm gon na take off . I 'm gon na get the U-Haul . I already called it in .
What do you want me to say ? - What do I want you to say ? How about , '' I 'm sorry I 've been lying to you since the first day ''
What are you doing ? They ca n't see us , they do n't know what we 're doing . Right ?
Oh . Be very careful that you do n't get hurt . Okay , ready ?
Do n't make it worse . Just put the gun down . Why could n't you just go along ?
Yes . I think they have the name of a TV repair place on the side . Two initials like ... b r TV .
Okay . I 'm gon na get a beer . You want anything from the kitchen ?
Just put the gun -- Just put the gun down and we both go home . - We could go home .
I was just coming to hang out . Are you saying we 're totally fine , but we 're being way too loud ? No , no , he 's asleep .
That 's all right . Next Monday , Teams 1 , 3 , 5 and 7 will commence training on the new 425X7 acts . Ladies and gentlemen , we are entering the modern age .
Then what ? I drove around with her . We finally parked somewhere near the water in Brooklyn .
Close the deal . I 'll meet you over there . Yeah , of course .
is there some place ... Where do you want to go ? Home .
One of those hand held unit and they had all these files on drug dealers with DEA stamps on them . Told me they work on special assignments . You told them about Reuben ?
You can finish it up all for yourself , ca n't you ? We are not going to argue the price . You will pay the million ?
Cochrane pulled the main fuse from the engine . It 's in his coat pocket . - I 'm scared , Ty .
Which we do . Uh , I think ... it is in our best interest to reopen that ... Continue having great relationship .
That was just for you . He 's not yours tonight , Kenny . There 's a lot a hard evidence against this asshole .
Yeah . Jenny , can you keep this warm for me , please ? I 'll be back .
That 's a good way to put it . I 'm sure that 's a big factor . No , that 's a lovely ...
What 's she talking about , Jimmy ? I asked you a question , boy . I was looking for a job so we could keep the house .
You 'll always be family to me . I 'm really starting to feel it , Mike . The whole damn world , bro .
All right . Can we not do ... honestly , I feel brain-dead . No , no , no , it 's ...
A surprise ? What do you want , man ? You and Carrie put the DEA on to your brother , did n't you ?
That 's it . Put the money in these bags . Put them in the hole , all right ?
Shot two dead . Got the third one in the leg . He never walk right again .
No , no , no . The salad I ordered had figs . Yeah , because fruit is the new crouton .
You and Jimmy . You 'll always be family to me . I 'm really starting to feel it , Mike .
That 's not what they wanted for you . They wanted you to get out of this place and have the life that they never had . And now look at you .
I 'm really sorry . No one was supposed to get hurt . I 'm gon na bleed to death .
Yeah . - Well , I 've got something for you . - Okay .
Sandra ! [ ELVIS ' '' BURNING LO VE '' PLAYING ON SPEAKERS ] [ TIRES SQUEALING ]
Uh , I got to get home . I got something early in the morning I got to take care of . Yeah , me too .
I want you to ask him why he 's wearing that . Why is he dressed that way . Why are you dressed like that ?
Whoa , is there anyone else on the line ? Listen , I 'm sincerely pressed for time right now , so I 'm going to ... Well , I 'm going to have to do this in bulk .
Where are you ? I need you up here , all right ? Look , you are my assistant and I need assistance .
Oh , shit . I thought he was n't working today . What 's up , Ray ?
He 's like the Tin Man . He was born without a heart . And , ladies , know this :
Oh , my God , Jenny . Neil just told Suzy that Pete Hastings wants to slow dance with you . Pete Hastings is totally gorge .
That 's a BB gun . Let 's finish the report and get out of here . Good .
Hamburglar . Want to try the door first ? Mr. Parsons ?
Hey , it 's you and me against the world , right ? Why is he giving him keys ? - Why 's he giving him keys ?
Lot of slow dancing , making out , tongue . And every now and then I put on the red dress ... CONNOR :
Sarah ! I ca n't believe he 's gone . He 's was talking about you , only minutes before he died .
We 've been engaged in a fire-fight with those guys . Now , who the hell is this fugitive anyway ? - Gabriel Cortez .
I 'm not playing games with you . Fine , I 'll get it myself . Give me my money .
Maybe not . But if he comes through our town , he will be our problem . Okay , so ...
No . But I do n't think she ever stopped loving you . It 's what 's owed to you ... and everything you need to know .
I 'm not going anywhere . I 'll be right here waiting for you . My God , I love you .
It 's Ok , it 's OK . I hear uniform blood stains take forever to get out . Yeah , well what do I care ?
Welcome to my world , to the excruciatingly erotic world of Wild Velvet . We bring you all the ladies that Victoria ... Has been keeping a big , big secret .
Okay , I want to try it . I was hoping you 'd say that . Are you ready ?
And he has eyes like yours , all mysterious and full of secrets . I 'm sorry , I do n't mean to make you feel uncomfortable . It 's okay .
I used to catch her staring off into somewhere for hours , like she knows that he 's still around . Can I tell you a secret ? Yeah , sure .
Tough guy . This weather fax just came in . Edie , have a look at this .
We 're talking about my son . I can not work on Christmas Eve . I have to be with him .
No , she 's gone . No , I do n't know , but she 's gone , man . No , her and dog leave .
Hey . I have n't seen you around in a few days . I was such an idiot the other night .
If they ca n't get to us , we 'll get to them . Go up swell and drift down . Broadside , captain ?
Are you religious ? Get out of my car . Do you not want to burn in hell ?
She 'll take you where the fish are . You 're getting to be rude , you know ? I like you , Billy .
Back full on ! You got ta swim now , Jer ! Grab it , Jer , just grab it !
Well , then you better learn , Johnny , 'cause you are costing me $ 1,000 a head every time you do n't give any . Let me put it this way . If you are not here on Christmas Eve , you should consider getting a job at Wally 's Whack Shack .
This weather fax just came in . Edie , have a look at this . We have got to head in now !
# I try to veil away my pain # # The dirty grey # # surrounding me ' round # # And now I hear no sounds #
Not for a couple months . Do you- do you want to come up , 'cause I 'm just- I live there alone , and I do n't have any cats , in case your allergic .
I do n't know . Maybe I smell like fish . - You need a new deodorant .
Can I get you a bone or something ? Do n't bite anything that 's not an apple . Guess who ?
What 's our course ? I 've been sailing 42 years . Never plotted a course .
Give me another minute , alright ? - No , you 're going to tire yourself out . - This I 've got to see !
`` Then stepped straight through the firmament ... and rested on a beam . '' `` And then together bore away ... upon a shining ... sea . ''
Let 's go . We 're gon na make some money . Let 's go , boys !
Thanks . You 're a happy man out here , are n't you ? Today , maybe .
So ? So , I just go back to the way I was . And how are you going to do that ?
I 'm Sergeant Jeremy Mitchell . I 'll be your para-rescue jumper today . How are you ?
I want five men on that net . And get the light out there . Okay , guys , hook in !
The next step is that ... immediately ... you know people ... on sight . And if it 's a woman ...
Lobstermen from Gloucester to Scituate have lost their traps . A missing swordboat , Andrea Gail , out of Gloucester with a crew of six . An Air National Guard rescue helicopter has been dispatched .
No . It 's like a Greek tragedy , is n't it ? OK guys , I 've got bad news .
No , what you 're doing is creating classes of superbugs . And that might be good for business , because you will develop stronger antibiotics and ruin people 's immune systems altogether . - No ...
I never love nobody fully Always one foot on the ground And by protecting my heart truly
When you called , I thought you were at work ... then when I you back , John said you had n't been in all day . I was in Montclair , New Jersey . - Why ?
Do n't be so naive . I did n't actually want to go to Chicago . I wanted you to think I wanted to go to Chicago , so you 'd want to go to Chicago .
You too . May I ask whose birthday this is ? The birthday girl happens to be my granddaughter , Charlotte .
You never know where the financial model 's going to go . It changes every six months . And you never know what these hospitals are gon na want .
Help . - You 're going away for the holidays ? - I doubt it .
Be still my heart Did I mention that I just took my company public ? It 's a pretty exciting thing because you work on something for so long , and then when it comes , it 's ...
It 's a lot of money . Okay , I really ca n't talk . Maggie needs me .
Okay ? Tell me four good things about yourself . Excuse me ?
I have Parkinson 's . Why ca n't I just live my life instead of becoming this project ? Do you know that what 's ahead of me is bad enough ?
Happens when you 're nervous . Mr . Expert , why would I be nervous ? - ' Cause you 're interested .
There 's a dress ? If you need me for anything , I 'll be in the back . I 'm curious .
alternate universe , there 's a couple that 's just like us , okay ? Only she 's healthy and he 's perfect . And their world is about how much money that they 're gon na spend on vacation , or who 's in a bad mood that day , or whether they feel guilty about having a cleaning lady .
And this is the incredible thing . This is why I 'm so happy right now . Because I fucked that girl .
Share it . You look at me in a way that I have n't quite earned . Then earn it .
She told him how she really felt . It was up in Newport at the club . Labor Day weekend .
We 've come a long , long way together Through the hard times and the good I have to celebrate you , baby
It is streaming live . Just when you thought you 've seen it all . Oh , look , a message from our sponsor .
I love you . Why do n't you just go with them ? What are you waiting for ?
Okay . Listen I understand what you 're going through is very difficult . All right ?
I 'm good at a lot of things , you know ? But I 'm not good at losing people . I 'm bad at losing people .
You 've torn this town to shreds with that little escapade of yours , you and your Eleanor . But I understand what brought you back here . A brother 's love is a brother 's love .
There is a connection between him and Kilburn and he knows you 're leading the team to find it . I think I might know what that connection is . Emphasis on '' might . '' A few things I got ta check out .
Ca n't say they did n't warn you . Got our proof it was n't Elmer . Starting Friday at 1 p. m Elmer was logged into a chat room for 12 consecutive hours .
Maybe some were from high-tech . I 'll track down a customer list . - What about the neighbors ?
Come on , come on , come on , come on , baby Come on , come on , my baby Come on , come on , my baby
That 's her basement . He 's got her in her own basement . No , no .
You got ta be out of your minds . - Is that why you think I 'm doing this ? - You inconsiderate little punk !
Why should they ? They 're curious about a website . You check the headlines , check the stock market watch some strangers have sex .
Y ' a// gon na make me go without God , I love that car . All right , two ladies home safe .
Huge savings on one-karat diamonds . Presented by the LaRog Brothers . - What the hell is this ?
I love you . - I love you , too , babe . I bet you 'd like me to do this some other time !
Served a nickel at Folsom for auto insurance fraud . Well , gosh , I bet he just neglected to mention that to the people at Dressner Foreign Motors , huh ? It gets better .
I 've been monitoring the site all week . Nothing but a still of the dead kitten . Last night around 11 , the site went down , I 'd hoped forever .
47 is not 50 , Memphis . You know that 's what he 'll say . Yeah .
Nick Haskins . That was Annie 's father , right ? Did he introduce us ?
Memphis ! - 8 : 00 a.m. Friday morning . The cars are on the boat , or your brother 's in the coffîn .
You know I 'm on nights because of my daughter . I understand that , but you 're it . - We forming a task force ?
Thank you . - I 'm looking for Helen Raines . - Helen .
We 'll do a canvass . Seems like a pretty tight-knit community . Maybe somebody saw something .
Hit that ... That long one in the middle . It 's called a spacebar .
That was practice in case you had n't made out with anyone in a while . It 's all part of the plan ? It 's just practice , just a guerrilla-style practice session ?
I can do a lot of really tricky stuff , okay ? All right , all right , we do this , we do it my way . I run the show .
I just had a bagel , though , so I 'm full . Mr. Arthur , I 'm really sorry . I ...
Now , that 's a classic look . You could be on the cover of GQ . Back cover .
Come dance with us . Do you think he did n't come ? - Party pooper .
His front 's a salvage yard . Gon na have to wait it out . - So , you seeing anybody ?
I 'm sorry . I 'll take it more seriously . In fact , why do n't you sleep at home tonight ?
See ? - Oh , man , all this dancing , made me so thirsty . I 'm gon na get a drink .
Well , I would . You have to make the screen a little larger . I 'm 107 .
I wan na be my own person . I 'm tired of being the approachable one . I wan na be the dateable one .
Yeah , she 's very spicy . But , you know , I 'm not really friends with them right now , so ... Is it intimidating ?
You ? Oh , you know , been worse . Been better .
Tell me more about that . - I was a terrible student . And so my mom used to stand outside my room to make sure that I was doing my homework .
I guess destructive enough for the state to take him back . It 's pretty goddamn destructive for that to happen , do n't you think , boss ? Yeah , I never heard of that happening .
This is a tough conversation for me . Let 's focus on the picture . Here we go .
I know it sucks , but maybe it 's the universe telling you , you need to be there . Please , do n't start with the universe with me this early in the morning , okay ? Everything and everyone can suck it .
The last crime scene and now this one . We got zero fingerprints , zero hair . This guy 's good , really good .
I mean , like , every group of friends has one . The one who does n't look as good , thus making their friends look better . The one who 's approachable and easy to talk to , because no one 's trying to get in their pants .
It 's a YouTube video ? Who would wan na go out with this guy , right ? - Oh , man , you 're so good .
I have to go . I 'll take this for prints . - Is everything all right ?
Okay . Honey , why do n't you just go to Jess and Casey ? You always trust their advice .
I did n't have to do anything . It 's kind of like us right now . Excuse me , that is not like us right now .
Oh , Jesus . And then he was placed in the home of Martin and Melinda Marlow . He lived with the Marlows for only two years before their daughter Jenna accused him of rape .
You have a gun to your head . I do n't , and I wo n't . Choose .
Asshole . All right , you know , let me see everything from the first camera right away . Just forget about the other one for now , okay ?
No , I do n't care . He just walked in here and was eavesdropping on my whole conversation . All right .
Ever since this article came out , I 've had , like , 50 phone calls down at the station , everybody in varying degrees of hysteria . Oh , Dad .
[ clattering ] [ computer mouse and keyboard clicking ] 346 ...
Okay , hold it a second . If he wants a story on the front page , he 's got a dozen or so working writers here in town . Hell , the Times is less than a hundred miles away .
Look who 's awake . Your father made our mother choose . Your father , our mother .
P : A : , runs a 4 : 6 forty : 4 : 5 forty :
Move it ! Listen , there 's gon na be an off-the-frizz party at the foundation tonight . It 's gon na be Cone Zone as all hell .
I think we covered that : Did we talk about your 1 0,000 part-time jobs ? Yeah :
Whittier , this is Todd : Starting wide receiver , 3 : 2 G : P :
Hi : Can you guys tell me how to get to Bancroft Hall ? Hi :
[ Cheering ] [ Man ] Colleen , we love you : ! First up is your very own varsity cheerleading squad :
It 's gon na be Cone Zone as all hell . Maybe , uh , maybe I 'll check a look at you there ? You know , just because you forgot about the FP do n't mean it forgot about you .
[ Scoffs ] We do n't need We can not have a competing spirit squad on campus , Tina : Trust me , they wo n't be
He lost : He lost to Apollo Creed ? [ Colleen ] To train for the event , the Renegades cheering for typically under-appreciated teams the bowling club and the fencing squad :
All this could be yours : You could be the greatest thing the next me : [ Chuckles ]
She 's gon na be great on game day ? To be a great cheerleader you have to make sacrifices : And I suggest you start with her :
Lemon yellow : You should have used wild berry pink : Wild berry pink always gets people
[ Straining ] This weight is a car , and it is pressed on top of your mother ! Lift it off your mom ! [ Screaming ] Lift it off her !
Whit , you 're not gon na mess up : I 've seen your cheer skills : They 're for real :
Hi , I 'm sorry . I ca n't agree with God about that . Goodness , Grace .
Are you saying that they rigged the test to bring us all together ? Is there something you want to tell us ? - It 's a piece of paper .
She probably ... She probably ca n't even see . Just pretend you 're a taxi and go .
Thank you . Well , I guess these things happen ? - Yes , they certainly do .
Hey ... - If you can hear me , nod your ... - Fuckers .
Bye , Dad . I want to hear all about it . Well , I delivered my sermon .
I personally think Definitely Maybe is a far better album . And for the life of me , I ca n't understand ..... why , in this country in particular , ..... when people bought Morning Glory , they did n't buy Definitely Maybe . And I 'd like to say , where do you fucking get off on that ?
Surprise , surprise . I think I 'm beginning to run out excuses . - Well , then do n't make any .
Brown , what are you doing ? - I know what I 'm doing . - You 've done this before ?
* Said American bands were starting to dominate the music industry here , ..... rather like they are now . You know , Nirvana and Pearl Jam , bands like that , ..... were cleaning up everywhere .
You 've made it really nice up here . Grace should be very happy . You know , Lilian and Brian have made love in every single room in their house .
We 're in competition . Why should I help you to beat me ? We may be in competition to answer the question , but to establish the question we have to cooperate .
Mrs Martin . I wonder if we might have a talk about the flower arranging committee this week . No , but perhaps next week .
There never was one ! Not the kind you 're looking for anyway . That 's what you 've been holding back ?
You 're a half day behind the rest of us , you know that ? We call it a bra nowadays . Why did she have it over her shoulder ?
What does that mean ? Well , it 's like you 're not some 1 5-stone hulk . You have , you have that kind of ...
Would you like me to come in with you ? Is that a good idea ? - Yeah .
To each his own . If you wo n't think selflessly about this , think selfishly . The Invigilator said ...
You ca n't go around killing people just because you do n't approve of them . Oh , that 's what my doctors used to say . On this point we could never agree .
And now the final stage lies before you . One last hurdle separates you from your goal- which is to join our esteemed ranks . The test is simple in comparison , yet it will determine who leaves this room with a contract of employment and who leaves with the bus fare home .
What do you think is in it ? - I do n't know and I did n't ask . Holly !
All of us together , as a team ! I think we 'd all passed when we walked . All each of us can do is lose what we 've already won through selfishness , stupidity and impatience !
Do you enjoy the celebrity ? In the beginning , of course . I loved all that at the beginning .
( swinging music ) Confidence was something that , in the past , we 'd left to Americans . The Americans have tremendous confidence , but not much talent .
That 's right now . - Every hour , on the hour ? Only one condition is treated that way .
Oh , Holly , do you have to ? - I never saw anything like this before . Oh my God .
The cutlery was so dirty . '' It 's not a choice that 's made for you . You do n't leave school and go ... ( upper-class ) '' It 's important that I 'm working-class . ''
You claimed to be a qualified student of psychology , not a practitioner . I 've studied psychology too , and reverse psychology . What better way to hide your true role in this farce than to accuse another candidate of playing your part ?
Who the bloody hell is that ? Hey , what are you doing with my son ? Come here , come on .
I love the pomp and snobbery of it . And so to take that and create something new and modern ..... is , for me , just the way forward . * Oh , this man is dangerous
What does it matter ? You really think he 's behind there ? He 's lived behind walls for years .
Ha , ha , ha ... But joking aside , it 's true : 2000 years later , and we are still talking about it , and that 's because it 's something worth talking about .
Oh , Holly . Why hang around just to see him humiliate himself in front of the whole village ? As if I do n't get enough of that every Sunday .
If anyone took it , own up now . All right , if we ca n't trust each other , we 'll have to search each other . Nothing .
Never mind , the best night 's sleep I 've had in a long time . Every cloud has a silver lining . Clarence !
I ca n't let my partner escort you out , we just became friends . How about you walk out instead ? Each of you .
I do n't know his band Ugly Rumours . I 'm afraid I was more boring . We were at Oxford the same time , ..... but I was more of a tedious , sort or , political-anorak type .
He 's a talker . We could go further than this . She 's right .
I just want to make sure we have the right equipment ... the right kit . I 'm not sure we have the right wood . Hey , you are talking to me .
Do n't listen to him . We 'll get through this together . Thanks , but I do n't need your help , because my situation is n't a weakness , it 's a strength .
* That they 're gon na get away for the summer Were you aware at the time that you were making history ? Um ...
He 's right . - We 're in a stress scenario . A confusing , time-critical situation designed to test our intelligence , and resilience .
What are you doing ? Ensuring that he ca n't cause any more trouble when he wakes up . - And taking him out of the game .
Keep the tyres fully inflated . Make sure the lights work . I do n't need you pulled over .
Seriously , do n't . We used to do it every year in glenskirlie . - Glen 's what ?
Well , I see what you mean . And , do n't quote me on this , but I tell you , he is a two ... - [ phone rings ]
He 's with another team now , OK ? Mike stepped up because of the vacancy . Yeah , but I do n't know this guy .
Before law school starts up again . We were hoping she could finally have that talk with Helen . About Oxford .
Never burn Bridges before they 're built . [ Director ] 30 seconds and into the next interview . Stand by in the studio and someone please find a dustpan and brush .
I 'm shaking . Just make sure it does n't happen again . I 'm gon na have to now .
You can put it back together . The original sid was one of our first residents . Poor sid .
You keep yours . Go back to your pub and let me make something of my life . But that 's just it .
I should have known that sid was n't up to it . You can put it back together . The original sid was one of our first residents .
Katie Ross ' mom ? We used to take you to swimming lessons together and sit , watching and talking . I 'd look forward to that hour so much .
Good for you . '' `` You 're a disgrace to the sisterhood . '' Well , ca n't win ' em all .
No one has sacrificed as much as you to be here . To make this into a home . Now , I know you want us to make this into a home too .
Those are my choices . That 's why I ca n't do it . What ?
Every team has four runners and a supervisor . I 'm the supervisor of this team . Every night you 'll take 25 to 30 grand depending on what the machine will let you withdraw .
You see , that 's what I do n't understand about this place . You ca n't force people to resolve . I mean , what if they 've got a cold .
All from personal experience ? Oh , I do n't think that 's pertinent . Miss fielder , I have to warn you , that publicizing this outre little tale of yours may involve similarly impertinent questions .
You know the chip and PIN pads , the small little things in petrol stations , shops , bars and clubs , you enter your number into , they were sold to the businesses on the premise that they were 100 % tamperproof , the idea that if somebody tried to open them up or modify them , they would just shut down and more importantly the customer data would be safe . What they did n't tell anybody was that was a lie .
[ Laughing ] Do you even know what barebacking means ? To ride a horse without a saddle , used to do that in glenskirlie too .
So , do we have a go ? Well , the marketing people will wet their knickers . Give me a couple of days with her .
No , just not many jobs out there . - Know what I mean , Ed ? - Bollocks .
No . Do you know any words with more than one syllable ? How much of a disappointment am I to you ?
Anita knows what she 's doing . If she does n't want us to talk , let 's not . I trust her .
What about it ? Well , apparently , it had a great first weekend , whatever that means , and then the public decided it was drivel . So , no money , and no follow-up book deal .
I literally do n't get it . She would n't just leave without telling me . No .
Oh , I actually would like to say a few words . Anita , we all owe you a lot . No one has sacrificed as much as you to be here .
By the time the children are old enough , I shall be itching to turn the garden , and you can get busy with the novel . Anyway , you 're writing now , are n't you ?
I 've been crying all day . [ Jen ] Oh , surely , it 's not that bad . You should have come earlier .
Ultimately , all resolution is internal . You see , that 's what I do n't understand about this place . You ca n't force people to resolve .
And Dan was far too much of a stoner for Eddie ' s liking . Topbeef seemed to have a natural dislike for most people , so was the hardest to win over . But together we had each ether 's backs .
[ Jen ] Oh , surely , it 's not that bad . You should have come earlier . Where have you been ?
You are . To keep your heart rate up so you do n't have to listen to me . I 'm not .
We sell a lot of these books . But surely you ca n't approve of the total lack of literary merit in the writing ? Well , it does n't matter if I approve or not .
Did they make you participate ? Oh , yes , Celia , I had a night of passion with a man named Roberto . - He said I had wonderful eyes .
♪ so I 'll scratch your back and you scratch mine ♪ I 'll watch your back when you walk the line ♪ I got you , baby , I got you
Oh , yes , Celia , I had a night of passion with a man named Roberto . - He said I had wonderful eyes . - [ Laughs ]
Get him back here now . Then I pulled out my gun and tried to shoot him . Oh .
♪ Tell me cares of the day ♪ ♪ Let me wash them away ♪ ♪ All the hideous weight ♪
Tell you ... That prison is not bad . No !
Multiple orgasms every three pages . The heroine redefines the word '' nymphomaniac '' and her tumescent paramour has the constitution of a hereford bull .
It comes up and sweeps you along . Do you know what , I think it 's possible that all the truly great records have been made anyway . I mean , what 's the point ?
Who gave the order ? The fact that Al-Qaeda might have infiltrated the Pakistani I.S.I ... - is irrelevant ...
Like kissing a fanny . ( pussy ) It 's an outstanding set of mustaches . I admire your dedication .
♪ I learned to dance , I did n't have to learn ♪ ♪ I was a case when I grew up ♪ ♪ A case of hope crashing to the ground ♪
♪ ♪ I was an ace when I was young ♪ ♪ I learned to dance , I did n't have to learn ♪
He 's my boyfriend . And he 's got a motorbike . Brian .
♪ I am devout ♪ ♪ The girls 'll sing about my life ♪ ♪ But they 're not here , they 've got the wild life ♪
Had to leave . Why did n't you tell me he 's Chris 's brother ? - I trust Dan with my life .
Alright , Charlie Bronson . I 'll get straight to the point . We have been sailing rather close to the wind of late and I detect a rocky patch .
I 'm going to ask you some questions . You answer truthful , no more pain . You understand ?
You see ? Fear is just a vacation , fear is control , fear ... is money . You 're a brilliant soldier , and I could still use someone like you .
I like you , and I like Cass . I mean I love you and Cass . I 'm just not going back in that room .
I said , What 's the problem , Peterson ? I do n't know , I do n't have a problem . For sure there mate !
♪ The town deserted like a film ♪ ♪ Your torso crushing me ♪ ♪ Into the country ♪
Thank you . If you give it to Webber , I 'll be able to have a look at it , later . Thank you .
You let him ? I was preparing to let myself . Then he got kind of hypnotized .
Well , because when I finished high school I met this boy who was in a band and I ... What ?
♪ The simple things like bodies ♪ ♪ But I kept my soul ♪ ♪
Thank you . Be in my office at 6 : 15 sharp tomorrow morning . Thank you , goodbye .
Because she bridges two worlds , east and west , and she can move freely in both . She met Abdullah , at the University of London , as a student . He , uh ...
Get over the motherfucking bed now and rub me here you slag ! Go on rub it in . That 's right we ai n't got all day .
Sneak . ♪ Please look around you ♪ We should tell Cassie about this .
Request air support . Green smoke 300 meters west of my location behind the building , over . Zero , over and out .
♪ ♪ I 've always been the one to blame ♪ ♪ For everything I long to do ♪ ♪ No matter when , or where , or who
a sink ... The food was of exceptional standard . Yes , Parkhurst was corker .
Well , that depends on your point of view , sir . Very confusing , this war on terror . Our enemy does not make the distinction between a civilian and combatant .
Ca n't compute . You ca n't tie that up in a nice little pink bow . Nah , you ca n't pin me down mate .
♪ We had a deal then ♪ ♪ We nearly signed it with our blood ♪ ♪ An understanding ♪
I could n't keep everything Michael we do n't have the room . Or is my bed still in Luton ? Luton .
♪ A demon at maths and science ♪ ♪ I 'm up for a prize ♪ ♪ If you got ta grow up sometime ♪
A government initiative ... 60,000 civilians being trained , to deal with the terrorist threat . Everyone from shopping center managers , to security guards . Chris and I , act as ...
We look frightened , we do n't need to be frightened of them because we 're all fucking mental , do you understand ? They 're not mental , they do n't have a clue , right ? These are children -- they 're beautiful children , but they 're children , and we can take them down , do you understand ?
Black concedes the centre of the board in expectations of a counter play . Spassky was a rook to knight up when ... Anyway , Fischer won .
It 's three days left to e-day , my true love said to me . Convert your change or donate to charity . Huummmmm , marvellous .
He killed Leonard . - He swore to me that he did n't . Now what am I supposed to do ?
Spot on . Here , there 's a little prize for you . It 's your own euro converter .
It 's now or never . Use it or lose it . At midnight tonight , it 's euros only for British business .
My name is Dave . - You lie to me again , I 'll open you up . - Robert O'Neil .
Leaves two hundred and twenty nine thousand , three hundred and twenty quid . And we 're going to give all that to the poor . Where you going to find poor people ?
It had Mr. Attwell 's fingerprints on it , as well as fibres from his coat , suggesting that the knife belonged to him . To be precise , it was an old military bayonet . Mr. Attwell never served in the forces .
Used notes . Right the van comes up onto the platform ... here . It 's a railway van so no one takes any notice .
Sorry . - I 've come across people like him before . - Definitely autistic .
Your mother , She would not want you , to stand around crying or to steal things . She wants you to get on with your lives and do the best you can .
Start with the money . That 's what our Anthony says . That 's what people want to know about .
People disagreeing with my opinion is one thing , but no opinion ? You might as well not be here . The vertices of a regular 72-gon .
Right ... this is what we 're having ' tonight , yeah ? Before Countdown , put the oven on . After Countdown , get a packet of these , put them in there with some oven chips , yeah ?
Do n't worry . We will both get into the Olympiad in Cambridge . The IMO .
Get another driver . The CID count the bags . There 's only one missing .
`` such that AB is parallel to DE , . '' `` BC is parallel to El-I '' `` and CD is parallel to FA . ''
None of it makes any sense . You shot 2 drug dealers , you do n't risk being identified by driving this girl to a hospital . She had that thousand pound in cash on her ,
Of course they ca n't really recompense you for this . I mean they ca n't give you your Christmas back can they ? Probably be next Christmas by the time you get anything back .
I like patterns . And what does it feel like to see a good pattern ? Nice .
Your dad said he 'd fix it . So I said I 'd cook for him . So you get a decent meal for once .
Here 's the news . Good morning , this Clare Miller with your early morning news update . Former MP Alan Peters will begin his 3-year sentence for fraud , today .
and it 's very difficult to imagine any sort of a rosy future or anyone wanting to be a part of that future with me . Oh , Pm sorry , I 'm sorry . Um ...
On the train . The money was on the train and so was a robber ? Lateral thinking .
I can confirm that the Chinese will be one of them . Now we should , of course , be cordial as it falls to us to host the competition this year , Tn Cambridge . But that does n't mean ca n't be ruthless .
Did you ? Well I did n't , did I ? No , you did n't .
no I have forgotten . I still see him sometimes . Anyway he comes up with these loaves and fishes .
Did you get angry like you are now ? - Is that your training kicking in ? - Did you lose it ?
It 's because it 's funny , Luke . - Do n't you have a sense of humour ? - Just ignore him .
Caesar ... Caesar Augustus that everybody had to go to their home town to be taxed . So Mary and Joseph set out for Bethlehem .
He was a bit of a maths whizz when he was young , Nathan . - Not really , it was a long time ago . - No , no , no .
Right the van comes up onto the platform ... here . It 's a railway van so no one takes any notice . Until ...
* And go right to you * And you say you 're fine * I can know you 're never gon na get out
# Where I 'd stare through awkward sentences # And avoid through awkward silence # Miss your teeth when they chatter when we smoked out in my garden
Ben ? Muirhead 's inequality and Schur 's inequality ? It 's interesting stuff , Nathan , but you do over-complicate everything .
For far too long , you 've ignored what is happening around you . You 've not seen the inevitable that is coming at you . The inevitability of my actions .
Frozen in time . So now I 'm going to communicate to you in a language you can understand . My words are dead until I give them life with your blood and mine .
Yeah . - You sure you 're ready for this ? Absolutely .
Mingle . Um , watch your step , there 's a chess game going . Hey .
I want you to find who 's responsible and stop him in whatever way you feel fit . Let it be done quickly . It 'll be you and Mark .
I know that by heart . Regardless of the play 's content , the acting was amateur . The stem of the word '' amateur '' is amore , '' love . ''
Darling , there you are . Will you stop disappearing like this ! Now , come on .
Meaning they were all cleanskins , completely unknown to any of the intelligence services . The ringleader , Ashraf Ahmed , was personally responsible for the bombing of the Glassmore Hotel . The bomb was a timed device placed in a luggage item , causing a massive explosion in the foyer of the hotel .
Sam , come in here now ! I 'm going to kill you ! I hate you , Bod !
OK ? I do n't want this any more . You can go back to sleep if you like .
So , is Harry coming ? Him and Alex went to Brighton for the weekend . * Hey , you 're talking , blah blah blah
I took your keys . I went to your house . I wanted to sort this shit out .
I 'm sure by now your newspapers and television have depicted me as a madman , an evil outsider hell-bent on destruction . Your corrupt and degenerate media will spin my actions to suit the government agenda . They want you misinformed , scared and docile , so that you continue to ignore their murderous actions .
Soon . Just seems a bit of a waste keeping that place on , and ... you 're always here . I suppose it is .
'And boy , was I right . 'Anyway , I 'm signing off now . 'My address is on this letter , so write to me if you feel like it .
Wait a minute . I want to talk to you . It 'll only take a minute .
I thought , well , there goes my job . But she wanted to know if I was interested in buying the business from her . Well , of course , I said it was a lovely idea , but there 's no way I could raise that kind of money .
He never stated his destination ? He gave his driver instructions as we went along . He never suspected who you worked for ?
* I can not even say it * I 'll tell you right now it 's on my wish list * Whoa-oh
What about my money ? Get your hands off me . Do n't touch me !
Do n't worry. `` All right , I 'm coming out. `` You , coming out now .
Push me up , pull me down . To the 5 , to the 4 , to the 3 . Stay with me . 2 .
We have no time for emotions now . Especially when your brothers and sisters are suffering . You know who I am , yeah ?
♪ We 'll live ♪ To fight another day ♪ Yeah , we sing
* The one thing to save me * One thing you should know about me * Sometimes the night blows all the way through me
Well , come up now , then . - I 'm all cleaned up now . - Get dirty again .
If you give me yours , I can ... - If I can get this thing to work . - It 's all right , give me yours .
If you want to pay hookers and pretend it 's love , that 's up to you , but it 's a different ballgame when it affects me ! Sorry to interrupt , but I had to tell Tom , they 've just unearthed documents in Florence . Leonardo was n't gay .
I 'm not sure , Lawrence . Hey , look , why do n't we have a weekend away ? Georgie 's going to see some friends .
♪ When you 're drinking with me ♪ I 'm a man you do n't meet every day ♪ So I took out my dog
Was there anything ... Anything unusual happened in the last few days ? Anything you know but you 're not telling me ?
In the end , a young chap dropped it round . Well , what did he look like ? Like a chap .
' I 'm not so great at writing letters , but I wanted to get in touch . 'Life 's been mad for me in the past 12 months . 'Been awful sick for a number of reasons .
There were two . The following morning , anyone passing the bus stop would have seen exactly what Rosalind Stromming wanted them to see ... a redhead in a green , black and white chevron print dress . To be taken for Mary Tremlett .
I 'm sorry , Hannah . I do n't know what happened to me . I do n't know what 's wrong with me .
Young girl , redhead . Looks to be Mary Tremlett . Where 's this ?
It 's at times like these that we must find strength and peace in the memories of what he meant to us , an honorable son and brother . He was older than his 25 years and was the one his family relied upon since losing their father at an early age . He undertook his responsibilities with dignity and strength and maintained a strong family bond .
No . She 's in with her boyfriend . Where 's Bluey ?
Maybe he tumbled into how Stromming is making his contact with Mary Tremlett . No , Miles Percival did n't know the first thing about crosswords . His flatmate told me so .
Mm-hm . And I hated her as well . She was a simple lady .
Well , no , sir , not quite . The crossword that came out the day she disappeared refers to a poem by Matthew Arnold , `` The Scholar Gypsy , ''
I do n't need to tell you what that was , do I ? No , actually , you know what ? I do .
Bagley Wood . Have you signed up on that Thrupp shooting yet ? Then I 'd suggest you see to your duties before you start galavanting .
I saw it on the video in the court . It was Lucy with her doll . Hi , Dadl Hi , Daddyl
I did have a big speech prepared which you 've now ruined . - Had it written on cards and everything . - Aww !
So , what can do for you , Mr. Morse ? Actually , Doctor , it 's Detective Constable Morse . Oxford City Police .
He served his country honorably and well . But he went to a dangerous place . And he was damaged there .
I 've had a shock . You ca n't talk to me when I 'm upset . Are you here about Mary ?
Oi , what are you two doing back together ? Come on , man , she 's my baby girl . I ca n't let her get away from me , can I ?
He fired Julie Rice . Right out of the barrel of a gun . I heard about your rattler too .
Maybe she met someone . But however you look at it , the long and the short 's we 're back to square one . Maybe not , sir .
Proper catch-up . Good afternoon , I 'm looking Dr. Stromming . I 'm sorry .
Lisa Temple powers her way into the 200 metre final . A magnificent start for Temple , who has big shoes to fill in these World Championships . Shania Andrews is right between
My two favourite kind of people are gon na be there . - Fit men and rich men . I 'm gon na find myself a crossbreed .
Mary Tremlett was a regular attendee at your parties . Along with several other girls from Cowley Road School . Now , want the names and addresses of the men you pimped them to .
Yesterday , actually . He just tried to kill himself . Well , obviously he did n't succeed .
Bloody hell 've you been ? Got a suicide in Thrupp . Unidentified male .
So were 400 , 000 other Americans . What Darius did proves it . Oh , the crime proves he has PTSD ?
World Championship . What a tragic day for this gifted sprinter . - Lift ...
The Chaplain at Christ 's has just declared for reincarnation . When 's it usually delivered , the Saturday grid ? First post Wednesday , as a rule .
But in this case , obviously not . You do n't think Darius did it . Oh , he confessed .
Lisa , what did you say , man ? Once again , we have a capacity crowd here at the World Championships for what promises to be a fantastic final for the women 's 4 X 100 metres ... - Get me another beer , please , babe .
J ' Finding out the truth About her underworld connections ♪ Sending her back to the brothel Either that or simply just deporting her ♪ She 's met corrupted law before She ca n't see them supporting her
Strong glutes . Could you take this to Tommy for me please ? Yeah .
Will the people seek the death penalty ? I believe , and the people of Luther believe , that these crimes deserve it . Sentencing is set for September 14th .
And you did n't thief my phone , no ? - What , she took my phone ? - No !
How do you think she would handle being on the relay team ? Why do n't you ask her yourself ? Shania Andrews , Tommy Southern .
... Listen , Lisa ... he wo n't reject you , you know . You 're still his daughter whether you win or lose . Really ?
We 're good . ... welcome out the teams for the women 's 4 X 100 metres relay . Ukraine , Nigeria ..... Great Britain , USA ...
See , about 30º/ º of rattlesnake bites do n't inject any venom . The two that did the damage were here and here- were deep and deadly . It 's not a nice way to go .
Statement- '' I do n't remember her name . '' - Remember what she looked like ? - Nope .
Hey , what 's going on ? - Do you know this person ? - Yeah , I do .
Bio ... Bio-carbonate of soda , so you can wash your stuff . I 'm just gon na fetch that .
Come on ! Belle , come on , come on . Go , Belle !
She 's always got a cock in her mouth . What did you think I said ? No , she said your cock in her mouth .
Oh , the crime proves he has PTSD ? But PTSD excuses him from committing the crime . That is a fantastic argument .
She 's never 15 . Remember how you met her , Darius ? I n a bar .
She would n't die . Yeah , but Lucy did n't cheat on you . Neither did Jake .
There is no me and her . There 's no me and anyone . There 's only profit and loss .
Yeah , bit of a strange night here , to be honest . Listen , I think I can pay Robbo off , though . Fucking brilliant , yeah ?
They might not let you cos you ai n't family . Tell them you 're his sister or something . Yeah , course .
No , not yet . Know when you 're getting out ? 5 : 00 in the morning .
But ... maybe he does trust me for now . Anyway , someone set him up .
I 'm gon na go and get me blower . Leave the door on the latch . All right , sweet .
You 've been in the wars , Mr. Barber ? - Was that a formal question ? - I do n't do formal .
♪ Seen many but known by few ♪ ♪ Now all that they check is you ♪ ♪ Walked to a place with the smiling ' hand of fate ♪
And she 's lovely , from Estonia ... Hell of a woman , that Liza . - Well , you 'd know , would n't you ?
it 's Derek i think i found them i am on my way to them now , they 're in Brighton call me when you know fucking prick
♪ One time for this rhyme , let me do it to it ♪ ♪ People want to step into the party and jive ♪ ♪ What you gon na do , baby ?
he kissed me for a bit then he put me on the bed did he tie you up ? yeah
Cheers give it here Right , you allright , waiting on the pier for a bit ? - yeah what you doing ?
well hurry up then that 's it go on shit well- go on , go again all right , that 's it do n't drop it that 's it , that 's it go on , release it , release it now- yeah that 's it , what bumps
No one looking for you ? - They did n't go to ..... do they ? What 's your name ?
Very funny . ♪ Watch as the walls come tumbling down ♪ ♪ Sit tight as they crashed into the ground ♪
on the street , i need to get some money , just tell me where to go face like that , noone 's gon na pay you trust me , they will let 's have a bit of that spliff nice one .... - how do i get there 7 bus outside
14 allright , you allright ? there you go , only had enough sugar for one each- that 's allright did you get us all one ? - No , i did n't
Get me today 's team sheet , could you , Joe ? There 's always been a strong , some might say unhealthy ... rivalry between the 2 teams ... and the managers in particular . It 's well known there 's no love lost between Don Revie and Brian Clough ...
Fact is , I 'm here today as England manager . Any words of advice for your successor before his first game ? Win .
Laura : EMMA , STAY HERE AND LOOK AFTER TIM . AND LOCK THE DOOR WHEN WE LEAVE .
I 'M NOT GON NA START KILLING MY OLDEST FRIENDS . AND IF LAURA 'S RIGHT , THEN KILLING HIM WILL ONLY CONTINUE IT ALL . HOW DO WE KNOW WE WO N'T BECOME POSSESSED IF HE TOUCHES US ?
IT 'S COZY . NOT AS NICE AS YOUR COUNTRY HOUSE , OF COURSE . OR AS CLOSE .
NO , I 'M SERIOUS . WHEN I WENT TO THE BATHROOM , IT SEEMED LIKE I WAS ONLY THERE A FEW MINUTES .
( door rattling ) I CA N'T LET YOU IN . - WHAT THE HELL ?
It should be a smash- and- grab event . I see they 've driven all the way into the car park this time . Is n't a Cup game , is it ?
WELL , WHAT WAS THE LAST ADDRESS YOU PUT IN IT ? OTHER THAN MINE , WHICH I PUT IN MYSELF . - I USE IT FOR THE DIARY .
I WENT TO MANCHESTER ONCE . I HAD TO HIDE MY LADYSHAVES TO KEEP MYSELF FROM SLITTING MY WRISTS . YES , MOM AND DAD LIVED IN MANCHESTER FOR YEARS ,
Yeah , you knock it . But it 's done you proud over the years , my ambition ? Without me , you 'd still be in Burton- bloody
NO , WHO KNOWS WHAT YOU 'LL GET UP TO IF I LEAVE YOU TWO ALONE ? LISTEN , MY DEAR , IN THE MIDDLE OF SCOTTISH NOWHERE , AND YOU STILL DO N'T TRUST HIM .
We cared about Hartlepools and Derby . We 're from the North , Pete . What do we care about Brighton ?
OH , I COULD N'T . IT WOULD BE TOO WEIRD . ANYWAY , HE 'S LUCY 'S .
I know who I think that person should be ... the man to replace me . And I have made my feelings clear to the board of directors . Thank you .
THAT 'S PRETTY DAMN OLD . IT 'S AN OLD HOUSE IN AN OLD WORLD . SO , YOU GOING TO SNEAK UP INTO ANDY 'S ROOM NOW ?
( crying ) LET ME IN , LET ME IN . IT 'S LAURA !
What do you say to that , Mr. Chairman ? I can hear the cash registers now . Happy days , sir !
THIS IS RIDICULOUS . I DO N'T KNOW WHY , HE 'S JUST GONE MAD . THAT 'S THAT .
Coming in , number 2 ! This is what 's wrong with the play . Bye-bye , Hunter .
I ASSUME THAT 'S WHY YOU KEEP ME AROUND . NO , I KEEP YOU AROUND FOR COMIC RELIEF . AND JO KEEPS YOU AROUND TO REMIND HER HOW MANLY TOM IS .
LOOK . IT 'S HIS VENGEANCE AND WE CA N'T STOP HIM . WHOEVER KILLS THE HOST , IT GOES INTO .
That 's where I spent my small years , in the pub . The Beacon , Cap and Bells . With my mum .
I had to get in the police car . They put me in and I got back out . I still remember that .
They pulled me up at the bottom of the street and asked me if I knew who she were . I thought this looks like trouble so I said no . And that 's when she told us everything because she just told us she were working at Manchester Airport .
And , erm , we never used to get out of the room until Mum was up and she was ready to sort of release us from our prison , if you like . ( girl 2 ) I can actually remember me mum when we lived at Edge End Gardens . I can always remember her staying up late writing .
Did you do that for them ? - They would never have let me . Did you try ?
Not one single Christmas present . It was only five days before Christmas . She had the audacity to drop dead , so I ca n't even tell her how I feel .
Yeah , me too . Just wait in the car for a minute , lads . I 'm just gon na have a chat with Uncle Pete .
( mother ) We do n't all live here now . There were ten of us all together , nine now . ( interviewer ) And have any other of the children ever written anything ?
For fuck 's sake . They 're both throwing their shirts down . And really , this is a side of English football ... a face of English football we do not want to see .
Two ... Two years and one month . He was talking , he was walking , he 'd feed himself , he was in a nursery .
Well , you certainly know now . Oh , we all know now . We know you as the man whose constant outbursts ... and defaming of his fellow professionals ... has brought this game , this beautiful game , into disrepute .
It took me over a year to even think and start looking at the facts that this was my fault . You know , I allowed this and I caused this , with no intention at all . But I chose drugs over my son .
I do n't care what this is about . There 's something I want to tell Mary about us - and our future happiness and I just ...
I 'm not like Willie . Rita , Sue and Bob Two ... Three .
Course they 're out if you go round , but now we 've got money , ai n't we ? Mum , do n't spend it all , there 's things I need , Mum ! Mum
Mr Carstairs I 'll be finished here by five . Could you stop doing that , please ? I 'm sorry to have to tell you both this .
He was , like , eight month or something . So I said , '' The only thing I can do is move back to Buttershaw Estate , be nearer the family where they can help me . '' I was too far gone .
My feelings ? You 're telling me you 're thinking about my feelings ! - When did you ever think about my feelings ?
The final words of the play were those of Andrea 's own daughter , Lorraine . I do n't know why I was involved with A State Affair to be honest . Erm ...
And then , where the cot were there , cot 's there and our bed 's there . So we used to put ... Cos he used to stand up like that , looking at you .
This man locked her in with no toilet or nowt . Erm , and I think she 'd been beat up and I think it were a caretaker or something that got her out . That lad got quite a few year for that cos he 'd already done summat similar to it .
The little white girl . As far as they 're concerned , the only Pakistani I 've got in me is , my mum slept with a Pakistani but I 'm not Pakistani . Erm , there 's absolutely no logic in that , but that 's the way they see it .
To tell you the truth . You want to see phallic ? This is phallic .
And to my dearest son , William , with the deepest hope that he now understands why I so wanted him to take over Shawcross and Son , I bequeath £ 1 , ooo '' Well , Nicholas , thank you very much .
This has just got to stop . Eddie always says I bruise too easily . That 's not funny .
Snooping ? - Mum , give us the baby . - Get back inside .
I think I should move out permanently , if that 's all right with you . But I do want to help with the boys . If you need any help , that is .
You heard me . You think this is the time or place ? Answer the question , innit ?
No , she 's not . Go stand under Nicholas 's Go ! Well , thank you very much indeed for coming .
But it can make me feel so good . So good , I do n't really want to share it . But I guess , it 's a shared joint .
Hi , Doris . - Mum , I 've spoken to Dad . Said he 'd call back .
Ca n't . I can get a mug of tea . It 's not the same thing .
`` There was one great big lion called Wallace , whose nose was all covered in scars . He lay in a somnolent posture , with the side of his face to the bars . Now , Albert had heard about lions , how they were ferocious and wild .
I hardly know any of them - Have you tried talking to them ? OK .
You 'll have it where you 're told . I 'm not going to hospital ! Well , you ai n't having it here , so what are you going to do ?
Hiya . Just popped in to see the boys during my lunch break . MARY :
Any ideas ? But I can remind you why reason number one is women . And I thought you were a lady .
Go and get us another beer . Make yourself useful , or something ! Kirsty , is it OK if I have a little look at you ?
How 's that ? I mean , you 've done me a big favour , do n't get me wrong . But still , a man like me ,
I know . I want a better life for my family . Please .
Why are we prisoners ? During the day , night fighting . Six times a winner and you are free .
Give Leroy a call . I bet he 's nowhere near her . You reckon ?
I want her to settle a debt . But I trade in children . Eight years old .
But none of us has forgotten that Emerald Isle from which we came . That mystical land where a man ... - Get to the bloody point , Willy .
And I would walk 500 more Just to be the man who walks 1,000 miles To fall down at your door
If you win . I hope that the site is clean . - Yes .
What I do not understand ? - How it is to live in fear . I have lived in fear .
One condition ... I want a pound for every body you sell . A pound ?
It 's ... showtime . Maggie O'Donnell of the West Port , also known as Mad Maggie . You are convicted of the heinous crimes of thievery , prostitution , public drunkenness , and a bad attitude .
If they paid , get your freedom and your family . If your problems makes I will kill your wife . And then I kill you .
I do n't care . Just get rid of them . Doctor Robert Knox !
Where 's my money ? You should not threaten Cristi . Big mistake .
When can we see our wives ? There is a fight tonight . You can start paying off your debt .
But now he rise again ! With twenty mortal murders on their crown ! And push us from our stools !
I 'm Zaf , pleasant . Come Monday , or we 'll be late . A drink ?
Fox , show me your hand . A defensive wound , clear evidence of foul play . And you , sir , have been tampering with the evidence .
We 've gone legitimate . So no more digging up graves , then ? Eh , it 's nae worth the bother anymore .
Come on , someone is waiting , my boy . Your dad called me my boy . Get out now .
We used to sell to Doctor Knox at 3 pounds a cadaver . And these days , he 'd be happy to pay double that . And I thought life round here was supposed to be cheap ?
Come on , own it . I only have one sister . Did your family persuaded to come to the wedding ?
Give me the gun . You know what a family . She has a father .
This is the theatre , William . It 's not a place for honesty . Next !
I would like her . - Want to see her naked ? Not for sale .
I know the difference between death by natural and unnatural causes . Edinburgh 's a very dangerous place , Doctor Knox . And something tells me that recently , it 's become a lot more dangerous .
The thing is that nobody likes dealing with dead bodies . So , for a fee , you could take them off their hands . Sell them a coffin for their loved ones , arrange a burial .
There is a girl on a farm . I do not know how to get there . - Who knows ?
Where is he ? The UK is an important destination for women , men and children ... traded for sexual exploitation and forced labor . Some , including children in the UK , be traded within the country .
I thought we 'd agreed you 'd keep your mouth shut ? This is costing me enough without incurring any further delays . I was just being honest .
'That must be something you think about a lot . 'How often do you look your men in the eye'and wonder if you can really trust them ? 'But if you murdered life that day , then I murdered love .
'They say that grief transforms us . ' I know it 's transforming me , but into what ? 'Owing to a power surge at King 's Cross , 'all overground and underground trains have been cancelled until further notice .
That 's how long I had left of him ... both of them . And then they 'd be gone forever . We went to the seaside for the day , just him and me .
'But if I can make you see my son with all your heart for just one moment , ' I know you would stop making boy-shaped holes in the world . 'Lt would make you too sad . '
Where 's your mum say he is ? He does n't live with us . She says he wo n't come back .
If we 'd acted to stop May Day , the cell would 've realised and changed everything , their people , their places . We 'd have lost all insight into what they were planning . We could n't let that happen , do you understand ?
All the people in those seats are listed as '' missing , presumed dead '' . So I do n't know why the police would withhold his identity . His wife contacted the paper after May Day to say that he was missing .
'That noise is the fiercest and the loudest sound on earth . 'Lt will echo till the end of time . It is more deafening than bombs . '
Now I do n't know what to say . And this is n't what I had in my mind at all . Do n't take this the wrong way , but if we wait around till we knew what you had in mind , we 'd be here all day , and my husband and boy would be home , and my husband would kick your teeth in .
'The one day she was sober . 'Lt was drizzling then , too . '' Gets you out of the house , do n't it ? '' she said . - Knock , knock !
I 'm sorry . We were looking for your house . Is there somewhere we could talk to you ?
And it says , '' And London burned with incredible noise and fury . '' `` And London burned with incredible noise and fury . '' - That 's right .
'My gran told me that Adolf Hitler did us a favour when he bombed London . 'His incendiary bombs made the hole in Barnet Grove'that they built our tower blocks in , 'and London burned with incredible noise and fury. `` ' It 's on account of Adolf , '' she said ,
It 's a stomach bug . Are you going to the Arsenal game on Saturday ? Chelsea are going to slaughter you .
Now that feeling 's gone . Ever since May Day , it 's as if I ca n't close the caravan door any more . I ca n't leave the horrors outside .
Listen , man , how long armed-response unit take to come round here ? There was a shooting here yesterday , so there 's a couple of cars around . - Say about 15 minutes .
I need help right now . You 're not one of our regular boys . You must be the geezer Omen said was coming .
Open this ! Listen , Jay 's after you , so just be careful . Um ...
I thought you were gon na tell me Becky was hurt or homeless or something . I wanted to see if I felt sad . And now you tell me she 's missing .
I 'm here because of you ! - Then I beg you , let 's stop . - That 's right , blood , beg !
You tell us what you can do for us that we ca n't do for ourselves . Did n't Omen and Dabs tell you ? You need to speak to them ...
The bre that 's after me I think might come here . If you love her , if you ever loved me , just stay here tonight . OK ?
Mikey . It 's right up here , man . Why we going to my uncle 's ?
So where he went ? Probably the Wolf Trap or something . Wolf Trap Motel ?
Are you following me ? Where 'd you come from , beautiful ? LINDSEY :
Looks like it 's brown to me . No , no , it 's blonde , like a blonde woman . It 's a curly , brown hair .
Always , my nigga , always . He 's at the courts right now . Mason .
What 's wrong ? Tanya , maybe you should talk about it . He touches me .
Get a tie out of the glove box . We 're seeing her for lunch . WALTER :
Let 's get that money , yo . You gon ' get your money . You wan na get paid , right ?
'Cause , see , that 's not what I thought . I thought you got your pride wounded . And that you stupidly , without thinking about it , burned one of my contacts .
Tupac . - Tupac , uh , yeah , I 've heard of him . - Mmm-hmm .
♪ And you would think I 'm playing this all ♪ ♪ I paint the world like ♪ If you ai n't out for fame , get out the game ♪
They do n't want me . Do you know how hard I 'm working for you ? JAMES :
We still got ta find the gun , man , shit ! Give him the gun , Jim . Give him the gun .
WOMAN : Lieutenant Falton , thank you for your patience . Of course , ma'am .
I ca n't stomach people disrespecting us to our face , Wes . Nobody was disrespecting you , you were disrespectful to them . I can do better .
Come on ! Lindsey , this is n't a bar . Here .
♪ And so forget it ♪ And just like that ♪ It 's gone
Please do n't call . Tell me who hurt you . Jason .
Congratulations . This is the best news I 've had all year . - Great job .
Thank you . Our lawyers have the agreements . - I 'm gon na call my mom and tell her ...
Yes , he is . I make sure of it . Mom .
It 's gon na be like having a big sister around . You 're sure this is okay with your dad and everything , right ? I told my brothers .
Oh ... I think I forgot it at home . Come on , we 're friends are n't we ?
And I never call ' em back . So do n't worry about me . I can handle myself .
New fish . I give him two weeks . Mm-mm , bullshit .
Your shift starts in 30 minutes . I know , and I will make it up . I just ...
Where is it ? My car 's around here somewhere . I 'll go get my keys from inside .
Groomed by my mother to be a gentleman . I was told where to stand and how to dress , how to cut my hair , and what I would be doing for the rest of my life from the time that I was five years old . And right now , I seem to be on track .
FALTON : You must not care about the ratification committee . You could n't possibly .
No . He 's probably the best friend I 've ever had . So all your friends try to kill you ?
Yeah . Looks like it 's gon na rain tonight . LINDSEY :
For being such a jerk to you when you woke up today . I saw you looking at it . Dang , Faith .
We 've both been fucked over . The only difference is I fought back . Those men , they deserve what they got .
You need to see something . Who was the American agent ? Was it Weinstein ?
If you like , we can get you some more posters , make your room better . Paint it a different color . I can lend you my first edition of The Naked and the Dead .
Ivan 's a bit of a half-wit , is n't he ? It was important to me to have a place like your mother 's . I 'm gon na cook and run the household like you 're used to .
I said I 'm fucking sorry ! That 's all there is to say . Give me a chance !
But okay , well , maybe . Sorry , my nose is running . I 'm your teacher .
Some choose to run from it by having as much fun as humanly possible . Others choose to run from it and hide . I 'm sorry .
I 'm giving a reading . And an ex-student of mine , now friend Jeb Gelber , is feting me with a dinner . Excellent .
No . If you were , I 'd already be dead . You do n't know what you 're doing , do you ?
I had a conversation with Cort today . He told me about your mom . What do you think ?
Why not ? Hey , Cort , where we going ? Just a little further .
Both of you . We 're tracking from parallel streets . Plotting intercept location ...
The scary fish at the Natural History museum . I was always afraid of the squid and the whale fighting . I could only look at it with my hands in front of my face .
All right , well ... here 's to erasing all our pasts sins - and making some new ones . - Yeah .
What were you doing ? - I was going to Mom 's . You do n't do that on my night .
You wanted me to know . It was fucking torture , Joan . Fucking torture .
Fucking Ferrari . I told him to park it behind the stables last night . He said he would , but he did n't .
One day you think they 're there , the next they 're just gone . She stopped coming to meetings . People said she was using , doing tricks .
Listen , I need your help . I 've been keeping some event sequences ... Nic , it was hard to put all this together , but , you know , I think we 're sick , or infected .
Her name 's Lucy . These pictures are from five years ago . She 'd be 12 by now .
I ca n't bring you with me where I have to go now . So I ca n't protect you anymore . Go somewhere where no one can find you .
It 's like we were pals then , and we 'd do things together . We 'd look at the knight armor at the Met . The scary fish at the Natural History museum .
Frank . - I thought I had your bone structure . - No .
What are you doing in my house ? I 'm glad to see you 're comfortable here , but is this your house ? Belongs to my mommy .
I tried . As you know , I tried very hard . - Your mother was n't interested in that .
Right turn . Two windows on the right . Next to the bathroom with its sign upside down .
I ca n't move . Can you tell me your name ? Nicholas Eastman .
Jesus . - You need to see something . Who was the American agent ?
Just changing things around a bit . I 've come by to tell you I 'm not staying here anymore . - Why ?
Haley . Stop it , get off of me ! Get off of me !
Bathroom is across the hall . You 'll share with the kids . They can use mine .
I did n't do anything . I believe you , but they wo n't . Now if you wan na walk out of here , you 're gon na have to trust me .
When you say '' alien contamination , '' do you mean microbiological contamination , as in foreign ? Hold still .
People who can make sure you 'll never be found . I 'm not running ever again . Running is better than dead .
What if they find Mira before you do ? Then no one will need you . Your problems will be over .
Nic , it was hard to put all this together , but , you know , I think we 're sick , or infected . Hey , Jonah , stop thinking like that , man . Seriously .
Do n't be sorry . I do n't know why I did n't last . I usually go longer .
No , my body is not . We got ta get out of here . Yeah , I know .
Cell number 75365423 . Search the location of this cell phone : Fournier , Alice .
What 's that , Uncle ? Your eyesight is n't what it used to be ? Of course I 'd be happy to describe the sights .
Subject has escaped . Oh , sorry , I was just looking for the water fountain . Recovery team to level 14 .
Behave as if you care ! Beth is much stronger than me . She 'll be fine .
We drove down , right ? Is n't that the same gorge we just came from ? Then that town , Good Springs , should be down here , right ?
What is it with you people ? Think I have a gun or something ? You check in , okay ?
The sleeves as a family than you are . Will your new family pay university , rent and food ? Say something to your son , then !
I brought you here . But remember , Nic , you were the one who came looking for me . So you might want to ask yourself ,
I know what he needs . I 'll show you what he needs . Phil !
Ca n't we call it even ? No , no , no , no , please hear me out . - You are the only man I ever loved .
Cut out , Beth . - You got what you came for . Insert .
Ergo , Mr. Witherspoon , you have not yet lost . Even though technically I could win on an appeal . Miss Glick , you mean there 's still a chance ?
Yeah . I already put two in . I got it .
So , who wants to dance ? With your neck and arm it 's probably not that smart . Phil , you look like a samba champion .
Come on , let 's go . I 'm sorry to interrupt , but do you know how long it is until the gas station ? Oh , it 's just up a ways .
We still got , like , a quarter mile . - Stop , stop , we passed it . - What ?
This is my cousin Winn . He ​ ​ goes on fabric . My uncle gives him college apparel and hope the Straits him .
♪ ' Cause with you I got that click ♪ ♪ You 've got a quarry buried beneath the bricks ♪ ♪ A story to tease a 40 's dick ♪
Do n't use my name ! - ... right down the hall from him ? Not my name !
Check into some hotel -- Because I wan na check in where Witherspoon is . Now dial .
`` searching for the truth '' . On each of these video cards is truth that he was proud to have captured . And if he was n't happy with it , he would throw it out .
If we shirk and take a caffeine drop ? One can then not shirk first week . Can not ?
You had to know that , by coming here today , I was going to ask for your help . Unless , of course , there was another reason why you came by . ♪ You 've got the glance ♪
It 's an occasion . How often will we ever lose six million dollars in one day ? I do n't drink very often .
I was surprised , because she was only 28 , and she was very beautiful . Might I add , she could have been a model . But anyway , so , I check her hands , and she does n't have arthritis
What is so cool about being an engineer ? That one can sit in tjenestebil ? - I do not think that 's what they do .
You can see that view and taste that caviar . All I can do is sit here and stare . Hey , I 'm probably having the best time of my life and I do n't even know it .
When this seminar is finished you get the opportunity to prove it . Everyone must create a device as you can walk on water in the swimming pool . You design it , build it and compete with it .
I was very uncomfortable with it . I thought , I thought we should earn the money . So , I was visiting Frank twice a week , uh , at the home .
But it is 95 percent of their character . - It 's a tradition here at Perkins . - Is there one that has a tape measure ?
Thanks . Classy quote from the gymnastics coach . You see what they put for the headline ?
I 'm so ... - Come in and sit down . Talk to me .
♪ You 've got thorns ♪ ♪ Although my skin is thick ♪ - ♪ The stones ... ♪- [ gasps ]
I 'm his landlady . I 'll see he gets it . Who was that ?
I could go to the Mayor 's place , Gracie Mansion . I thought of trying to get to one of the Yankees . And then in walked Hobbs .
Oh , no . I thought you 'd given up and gone to bed . No .
Three lemons ! Why does that remind me of you , Miss Glick ? More champagne ?
Easy on the roofies . You supposedly working on your column right now ? - [ Porter ] Column 's done .
Keep reading. `` ' Monte Carlo , here I come , ' says Harry Witherspoon , an unlikely heir to a fortune from an uncle he has never met . Witherspoon , a British citizen , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah ... ''
This is your Uncle Anthony . But I thought he died . He did .
♪ If I never met you ♪ ♪ Nights would be the same ♪ ♪ If I never met you ♪
♪ With the strawberry blonde ♪ ♪ And the band ♪ - ♪ Played on ♪
Just tell the story and I wo n't push this button , okay ? I do n't want to tell the story . No .
They are two different shades of pink . One is much deeper than the other one , even if some people can not see it . This is so exciting !
Look , after dinner , I was thinking we might bring back Game Night . It 'll be fun .
I was just trying to figure out where I knew you from . I see you recognize me , though . From your cheesy picture .
One of the pills ! Come on , look at me , look at me . Take a pill , take a pill .
`` Common sense '' ? - It 's not like a raven told us to go away . Yeah , we 're doing this .
Dante 's Café . But that was , uh , that was a big , big thing for me . I made some money and I got my first camera , and I could watch all the people .
And I gave her my last franc just to be able to look into her eyes for a few minutes longer . It broke me up to say goodbye .
And they ... and they left me for dead . Oh , my God .
Yes , I know . I just wish you could be happy . ( SIGHS ) I wish ...
The kind I 'm having right now . I do n't know what kind of day you 're having . Where you feel like somebody is pissing in your face all day long .
Becca 's gone . ¡ ° ' Gone with the Wind . '' 1939 , directed by Victor Fleming .
All the shorties in the club . Let me see you just . Push it up , push it up .
This is one of the best ads I 've seen in the Yellow Pages . So maybe we 're going to win . - We 're gon na win .
Where is Joseph Toy ? It 's been more than four weeks since the 15-year-old left home . Toy 's friend Patrick Keenan returned home safely this past Tuesday with his family calling it , quote , '' a miracle . ''
I do n't know how much more courage you need . I am going to go support the arts . I support the arts .
You have to hurry , because Lucy 's coming . Come on , hide with us . Come on , over here .
I mean , this is ... this is our rite of passage , goddamn it . Have you ever felt this at one with ... with yourself ?
Your father agrees . Miss Truvy , would you mind turning up the music ? It just takes the pressure off having to talk so much .
How stupid of me . Um , and that ... that is the master bedroom . Wow .
Okay , fine , fine . We bought a few chickens . Less than 30 , more than 25 .
I need more than that . I need to make coffee . I need to pay my lawyer .
I have to go , but congratulations . AII right , I'II see you at Thanksgiving . AII right , hold on for your mom .
I love you . - Hey , do n't you touch me . You love it .
It 's court-ordered . The lady in your office s crying . Patricia , I 'm in the middle of a meeting .
CLAIREE : I saw it on the news . Those doctors , they take out those six packs , and they throw in some dry ice and a heart , and off they go .
There 's room at this table ... if anybody wants to sit next to me . I Just want to talk to you About your legal rights ... so if you have not already retained legal counsel ... the court will appoint someone for you ... to present your case on January 5 . OK ?
Oh , it 's ... There 's pennies on the counter . Just stick one in the fuse box .
* With outstretched arms , the black ocean offers calm . * * Here I forget that it 's been so long . * * Here I forget * that I 'm not in your arms .
* If I could build a wall around you , * * I could control the thing that you do . * * But I could n't kill the will within you . *
( crickets chirping ) Joe , I love it here . I want to spend the rest of my days with you .
I love you . - Do n't ever say that to me , ever again . - What do you want me to say ?
You win , you 're out the door . You know who I see come back ? The child .
No , no , it 's not going to happen . It 's not going to happen . Why ?
Sam , open the goddamn door . If you do n't care enough to open the door , I 'm out of here . I 've ruined my practice .
This is the truth . You 're the most beautiful thing I 've ever seen in my life . You like movies ?
* You hate this idea , do n't you ? I think this is great .
Where does the hour go in Daylight Savings ? Daddy , do I look more like you or Mommy ? Daddy ...
I mean , how do you remember everything ? You know , I was just thinking , Actually , that maybe we could just talk a little bit first
I 'll be right back to take your order . I had a few drinks the other night , so I may not have remembered telling you my first name , but I definitely did not tell you my last name . - I 'm telling you ...
I think I 'm just going to have a drink . You know , matter of fact , I do n't want a drink , and I do n't want dinner .
Lucy 's first word was '' Annie ... '' And her fifth word was '' Joe . '' And I 'm Joe .
What 's eBay ? ( Owen ) I love your band . Thank you .
Unless they just do n't want us to see how bad that fucking call was . Why do n't you get the thing where you can pause ... - Assholes , where 's the replay ?
Unconditional . But that 's always been the problem . I ca n't stand hurting him anymore ,
You 're enough . Yeah , you 're much more than enough . Lovely Rita .
I ca n't believe it , this is horrible ! - Can you get her back ? - I do n't think so .
Can you hit me with a couple ? No , just one per meeting . Here you go .
Are n't these Mr. Dawson 's only responsibilities ? Because he does n't have the mental capacity ... to run a cash register or even make a cup of coffee . As a matter of fact ...
Good evening , everyone . ... a rare occurrence , I mean , I do that all the time , I 'm crying all the time .
16 . No , actually , you know I did n't . But God , I love Pretty Ballerina .
Sisyphus pushing the boulder up , you know , the hill ? And he always pictured him smiling ? Um ...
Because you 're starting to piss me off , Because you think you know more about my rape than I do . Maybe I do .
* You 're not to blame . * From deep inside the tears ... * Excuse me , Owen ?
Where do I put my tampons ? You keep them in a bag . Is this us ?
* But something drew me near to you . * * I never knew where evil grew . * * Evil grows in the dark , * where the sun , it never shines . *
It 's about that time # To bring forth the rhythm and the rhyme ... # In the name of the Father , the Son and the Holy Spirit .
Do n't do that . And we 'll pretend like there was nothing weird about just going out with the guys . Why is there something weird ?
A while back on U2 ? I was wondering if you got anything from them That might work in my key influences story ?
I messed up . You are too smart for me , Jonas . Damn .
Um , I expect you might . It is ... we 're on a septic line , so try not to put any ... down that thing .
Listen to this . I said right then , right when I saw her , I said '' That 's mine . '' - Oh , God .
I think he 's a little near-sighted . Peter was in the army . Yeah .
Fuck him . What do you think I 'm doing here , man ? - You wan na have a seat ?
Yeah ? You have n't drank any of the beer I brought you . I 've had a couple of them .
Here , I want you to meet some people . You guys , this is my boyfriend , Chris . Hey , how are you ?
The other groundskeeper . He 's the one that found the bags over there . Is Vince around ?
Yeah , I know . I know it 's a problem . But I just need some help , man .
You know , she came in , literally going like , '' I 'm free ! '' That 's why everybody went out drinking tonight . She had , like , a party tonight about being free from Chris .
The next stand . They have n't the slightest intention of releasing your daughter alive . And that ... there 's a strong possibility that she 's already dead .
Think about it . There 's nothing to think about . I 'm not doing it .
But , um , if I introduce you , will you not be a dickhead ? And do n't call me names , and do n't say anything stupid or mean , and do n't , like , punch me in the face ? Get off .
I ca n't believe you let your sister marry this pig . She was always bringing home strays . You know , maybe she 's got a thing for sick animals .
There 's nothing that you can say that I 've done that 's wrong . I am a single human being hanging out with my friends . I agree .
You passed your probation . Starting tomorrow you 're a full-fledged guard with Eagle Shield Security . - To Eagle Shield .
that 's a lovely way to put it . Well , I 'll bet a lot of people ... I 'm probably a little ...
Reuben quintana ? - Can I help you with something ? My name 's Matt scudder .
Cheers . Can I get rid of these onions ? Is that fair ?
This is my number . Oh yeah , are you scared ? Hey , Carrie Anne ...
You know , as opposed to a punishment thing , and I feel that sometimes things that are really hard can be ... can be really rewarding because they 're hard , you know ? Chris is a great guy .
Three kids held up the place . On the way out , they shot the bartender in the heart . I chased them out into the street ...
You and the devil was real tight not too long ago , huh ? God saved my life , yes and he could still save yours . - What 's up ?
Who did this ? And there 's twenty thousand dollars . Consider it my gift to you .
Not this weekend . Nope , I have a festival this weekend . But I can do this next week , and I 'll bring whatever year-ends we have available .
I was killing the game . You would n't really noticed them unless they spoke to you . One of them had a beard or a goatee .
So ? - So , you do n't got no cellphone ? - I do n't like them .
Kept telling her we ai n't on welfare but she did n't wan na listen . And I 've tried to explain it 's not that kind of welfare . - Child Supervision and Services .
What is it you want ? We want to help you get your wife back , if you want her back , that is . Of course , I want her back .
I know it 's a problem . But I just need some help , man . Getting letters from the bank , some real ugly letters .
She was always bringing home strays . You know , maybe she 's got a thing for sick animals . - That 's you , that 's you .
Right . He 's not good at taking pictures of people with their clothes on . - Look who 's funny .
You know what ? I 'm pretty hungry right now . - What do you say ?
Get to the diner ! Is that the best you got ? Look at that squirrel with that big mother-fucker hat .
Forget about that broad . - I thought all this was to get her back . - That 's why you got to forget about her .
I mean , who 's fault is it we 're exes ? - We are not talking about that right now . - Oh yes , we are .
We get the point , Brad . - It 's just embarrassing , you know ? I think you only really get over somebody when you find somebody else that you care about more .
Let 's get this out to everybody in intel . This is the car we 're looking for right here . The car that you are looking for is a modified version of a Corvette ZR1 .
You do n't have to do a damn ... - Did you hear what I said ? Huh ?
Here we go . It 's so exciting to have people over . Martini ?
Yeah ? Ray , we 're here at Parsons . We found his body .
It 's your birthday . I let you win as your gift . Uh-huh .
JEFF : Right , but it 's your brother . - Right .
What happened to you last night ? Because yesterday , you were just your usual handsome , awful self . But then today , you became the guy I used to know .
Got it . And through up a map of Sommerton up for me . I want to check something out .
I want you to check that and see if you can get an ID or a license plate . How much did he pay you ? He asked how much you were paid .
You got a museum here ? And the tax returns to prove it . Open every second Thursday of the month , noon ' til three bring the whole family .
Anybody missing figs ? - The dressing is a panoply of flavours . - It 's really good salad .
So do you want to have dinner with us after ? I 'd love to , but I ca n't . I 'm booked solid , ladies .
Look . If you guys want to just step aside , that 's fine with me . I 'm not going to fault you for doing so .
It got stolen from the LA auto show . Normally something around 700 horsepower . But this upwards of 1,000 .
I 'm so sorry , John . He was going to kill me . It 's so good to see you .
So come on and join the party , sweetcakes . We are on lesson number three , the day you were absent . Oh , no , you did not touch the ' do .
But I 'm not gon na let that guy come through our town ... without a fight . I took the same oath as you , Ray . Ray !
He thinks he 's untouchable . That 's how his mind works . He wants to be behind the wheel .
I miss you so much . I 'm on this date , and it 's going so well . It 's going really , really well .
Thanks . Yeah , we need two more . Oh my God !
I do n't know what came over me , but I apologize if I was being too forward . It 's been a very long time for me too . You finished ?
The car that you are looking for is a modified version of a Corvette ZR1 . Yeah , I 'm looking at a picture now . I 'll let you know when he reaches our position .
I repeat , Whiskey-Yankee-Charlie 6-6-8-1 ... Look at your fax , damn it ! Look at your fax !
Wait , wait , what 's going on ? - Sir , are you a relative ? - Yeah , he 's my grandson .
# I live inside this place # # Locked up inside my metal cage # # Always tense and filled with rage #
Why are n't you downstairs watching the movie ? One of our three movies ? I know them all by heart .
I mean , you 're probably really tired anyway . Can I ask you something ? How come you picked me up , gave me a ride ?
That 's all you charge ? Seriously , I think you 're worth much more than that . You look like a beautiful woman .
Ca n't breathe . - Hey , Mitch , have you seen Jonesy ? - No .
How ? In my sleep , especially when I was younger . See , he likes to travel the world , and if I 'm good , then sometimes he 'll take me with him and share his adventures with me .
I will always love you , Christina . Pack it in there good . We got more coming down .
Twenty-five meters , winds 43 . Set a line at 0-1-0. .
I 'm not asking for your permission . Are you accusing me of something ? Say , sweetie , there you are .
Basket 's in . - Looks like I 'm going for a swim . Okay , go get them .
When you get the answer , tell me . I could use it myself . - Get laid , Bugsy .
We bring you all the ladies that Victoria ... Has been keeping a big , big secret . And now the Wild Velvet is proud to present the luscious , the lascivious , the one , the only Scarlet .
Murph , come here . Here comes your fearless leader , Captain Billy Tyne . I got a feeling skipper 's coming to give us bad news .
No , no , I like the coffin . It 's just that it needs a body . Oh , we 're a full service mortuary , sir .
I need you to sign this . It 's the receipt for your hospital bill . Everything 's been paid for .
The sun hits you . You head north , open up to 12 . You 're steaming now .
It 's now or later , right ? I leave her a few months from now , she ... No , this is better .
Totally . I 'm really sorry you did that . I blew it .
What ? Your mother used to do that . - Really ?
But they laid off Labor Day . Mended nets over in Fairhaven . That 's crap .
This is fishing vessel Hannah Boden relaying a mayday for swordboat Andrea Gail . Last position , 44 north 56.4 west , over . Advise you proceed to next incident at your discretion , over .
Like you , for instance . You look exactly the same ! - Please ...
All right , 48 years . Come on , tell me about it . Give it .
He 's my precious boy . And you 're the woman for him . That 's something I do n't joke about .
What 's more important , is what do you want for Christmas ? No , you already gave me my present . I forgot .
I do n't think you 're going to the fucking airport . Okay , look , just apologize , okay ? Just apologize .
Oh , my God . Who said I was a drug rep ? Excuse me , look at your bag !
Look , I could put this off , but I genuinely like you . I want to be clear from the start , so there 's no confusion later on , okay ? What I want to say to you is that ... all I 'm able to offer you ... is this ... what we have right now .
And then you meet one person , and your life is changed forever . Suppose I never ever saw you Suppose we never ever called
I know . I could be your father . I prefer , Uncle .
Listen , I said this was nice . I did n't ask you to marry me . Well , I would n't want to be with someone who was sick , either .
Sorry . Her daughter has to sing on Friday . They 're doing Bye Bye Birdie , and she 's playing Kim , and she wondered if you could call in an antibiotic ?
Anyway , that made me want to meet you . I 've been a little sentimental about parenthood lately . - Do you consider me your parent ?
Yeah , you do seem like a shithead , so it should be all right . There 's just alarms going off in my head that you 're not entirely what you seem . Oh , no , no .
There 's this little breeze coming in through the window . It does n't matter if I have 10,000 more moments like this , or just this one , because it 's all the same .
I ca n't breathe . I 'm having a panic attack . - Do you have any Ativan ?
The heat 's gon na be up all the way around ? I got this and the champagne is coming in any second . Happy Birthday to you ...
Anyway you look at it , one thing ... treat her nice . What do you mean , '' desperate '' ? Treat her nice .
Shit . You know what I heard ? They 're even starting to hire strippers .
And I have you to thank for it . I mean , I never thought I would have an experience like this ever in my life . And this is the incredible thing .
When that happens , call me . Room 17 is ready , Dr. Grandy . They 'll reach me wherever I am .
`` ... slowly spun . '' `` No separate leaf or single blade . All blend to one . ''
Was . Kids , if you 're watching this , you put it back in Mommy 's secret hiding spot right now or you will be sorry . There will be consequences !
Let 's get you out of these clothes . I 've been monitoring the site all week . Nothing but a still of the dead kitten .
Tim , go in on his eyes . I think he 's trying to say something to us . Here .
She does n't have a disease , either . Does that work for you generally ? - What ?
They 're curious about a website . You check the headlines , check the stock market watch some strangers have sex . See a journalist get his head cut off .
Yeah , I 've already sold 2,000 prescriptions this month alone . It 's a lot of money . Okay , I really ca n't talk .
I must prepare . It 's a fucking orgy masquerading as a medical convention . - You 're coming , are n't you ?
This/ ove 's so deep inside of me , baby / ' ve sti// got your face Sti// got your face
I saw three of these parked outside the local Starbucks this morning , which tells me only one thing ... there 's too many self-indulgent wieners in this city with too much bloody money ! Now , if I was driving a 1967275 GTB four-cam ... You would not be a self-indulgent wiener , sir .
Do n't wan na hear about bureaus and jurisdictions . This is domestic terrorism , plain and simple . Yeah ?
I did n't like what I 'd become . Yeah , and then you left ... and then I did n't have a brother any more . And now you wan na give me advice ... and I do n't even know you .
He 's a Vietnam vet coaches his daughter 's soccer , they go to church every Sunday . So why 'd the subject pick him ? `` Subject '' ?
She was amazing . She looked exactly like her photo . You 'll never see her again .
So you call your lawyer , James . You tell him you 've been arrested on suspicion of grand theft auto . - We indict you .
You know , they had a rough history . She almost got him killed a couple of times . - I do n't want any talking back .
Man , you do n't need gloves . This is the new age . Check this out .
Ride on , Josephine Ride on Ride on , Josephine Ride on Ride on , Josephine Chi/ d , you got a runnin'machine
... is an accomplice to murder . We are the murder weapon . Any American who visits the site is an accomplice to murder .
I 'm running the logs from that mirror we took down . He 's blocking all the foreign IPs . Only Americans can gain access to the site .
I 'm pretty sure that 's what Griffin was trying to say . I 'm just not sure why . Yeah , I remember .
Last night around 11 , the site went down , I 'd hoped forever . Anyway , a few minutes ago , this . It 's the same basement still streaming live .
No , we 'll get them with the Mercedes . Let 's set up , uh , three surveillance teams at those addresses . Now , you go ahead and you make your move , man ... and I will be waiting for you .
How 's that for irony ? It was posted by a sophomore named Andrew Kilburn . It came from his account , but it did n't actually originate from his computer .
Look , his nose is starting to bleed and he 's bruising . We think those bags have some anticoagulant in them . I 've got a list of them right here .
You know , forget it . You 're trying to hurt my feelings ? Fine !
Passion plus action ... - Oh , my God , I 'm doing it again . - No , no , it 's okay , it 's working .
Well , hallelujah , okay ? I do n't have to look at pictures of your artisanal cappuccinos every morning . How dare you ?
I can do this . How hard could it be ? Just do it .
To see a piece of furniture take shape , it 's like watching a child grow . I asked you a question . They threw us out England , threw us out of France , but here we are .
Kind of a nerd . - Sorry to interrupt , Mr. Arthur , but with all due respect , I 'm ... You 're honored and thrilled to lend that Bianca Piper magic ?
Let 's let the steps go . Step six : just own it . Grow some balls .
And/ ' d fina// y found a way to Learn to/ ive without you / thought it was just a matter of time
You look so very at home sitting there . I am at home , Dad . But you know I ca n't stay here forever .
Vain to the very end . Not afraid for your life , just for your face . [ flash bulb popping ]
Me in a dress . Ma , I 'm off to my big night . Whoa , look at you .
I am into you . And so I thought I should just be straightforward and tell you to your face . I 'm flattered .
Investigators said a canoe was missing from the shoreline . The Sheriff 's Department and New York State Police are helping in the search . We have a crew headed to the scene , and we 'll bring you more information as it becomes available .
Were you spying on me ? A , do n't leave your curtains open , and two , it 's kind of hard to miss a bunch of Japanese people running and screaming for their lives . Looked horrible , by the way , all that reading .
Are you giving me kissing advice ? Man , I guess I am . - B .
We 'll check it out . But for now , everybody goes home , gets some sleep . Everybody .
We 've got the whole place . We are just getting started . Step two : time to show the world who you are .
I do n't know about you , but I 'm happy to sit this one out . I did n't regret hitting '' send , '' but I did regret how I left things with Jess and Casey .
I love you . I have another seminar to prep for . - Okay , bye .
Do what I say , and you live . I 'm going to kill your mother or your father . You have 60 seconds to decide .
It 's just that stands for Designated Ugly Fat Friend , dick face . You ca n't take it literally , okay ? I mean , the DUFF does n't actually have to be fat or ugly .
I promise . Just promise me you 're gon na stay away from this case . - Promise .
Alice can help you . Alice , you 'll make sure she stays ? For my peace of mind .
You know , you 'd be bringing me a pizza or , you know , cleaning my pool . How old is the porn you 're watching ? That does n't ...
Well , we got to start thinking about this in a whole new light , a different angle , different possibilities . Maybe the victim is n't the target . Case in point , young Sara .
And I know I ai n't never been there for you . But ... and I know this do n't make up for none of my bullshit . But you know what ?
I am at home , Dad . But you know I ca n't stay here forever . Classes and a life , you know .
Yep . The last four numbers look like the Dewey decimal numbers . Holy shit .
Paragraph . All right , so check it . My boy BLT owns this joint .
He made her choose . You were n't even born yet , and she chose you over me . She told me it was the hardest choice she ever had to make .
We doir Spaghetti O waffle sandwiches in about an hour . You got a big day tomorrow . Yeah .
Heh . Passed down from your bio dad , B . Now , um , shit 's tough in The FP , I guess .
Jesus . Does that look circumstantial to you ? Absolutely not .
Come on , come on . Um , is there anything else you can think of that might help identify the guy who did this to you ? How many times do I have to go over this ?
.. Come on Turn the beat back .. .. Come on , turn the beat back Turn the beat back .. .. Come on , turn the beat back Come on , turn the beat back
God , you look great under water : Well , did I tell you I 'm a cheerleader ? [ Laughs ] Yeah :
And he 's -- You know , that 's : Do you mind if for the next minute : we talk about something other than football ?
Damn . We gots the record breakir champ BTRO from the 248 . And we gots the smack talkir bitch from the 245 ...
Hey : You know , I think I -- .. Rock like this Rock like this
Shut the door : Did you know that , um , - George W :
Time . I got dirt in my eyes . I said , I challenge you !
We all did . We all got ta deal with it . We all is dealir with it .
We do n't wave pom-poms : And third , we ca n't direct you because Nathaniel Bancroft was a slave owner Okay :
Let 's hit it ! [ Whittier Monica ] Five , six , seven , eight : .
That does not belong Ladies , we are not going to settle things this way : There 's only one honest , impartial person on this campus
Okay : This is a basic pyramid : Matthew , you 'll take the wing position here :
( Petey ) Billy Martin is dead ! Could we have a word ? Billy Martin is dead ?
Now you 're talking . - Is this the ultimate mind-fuck or what ? - Has anyone figured out the answer ?
Nice to meet you , Lance . Are you trying to make this as awkward as possible ? We were just two guys shooting the breeze .
Blue-green algae . - Which apparently is quite serious . It 's very serious .
Now can we get off the lighting ? - If you can provide a better alternative . Any alternative .
Rosemary Jones , Blll . - Do n't get me started on Rosemary Jones . It really Is a sorry day and a sad society when someone like her Is released .
Blur started drinking here , ..... and Morrissey lived around here , and used to come in . Pulp and Jarvis drank here , Suede did their interviews here . Menswear formed in here ..... and , er , Elastica signed their deal in here , ..... famously on a matchbox .
Well ... Nice to meet you , Walter . - Nice to meet you , Lance .
Does n't matter . If she gets the answer right , she 's still hired . Really ?
It 's risk they live for . They 're type A 's , like us , and just as they were trained by their investment companies , they 're still betting on ideas today . Ours .
* The hills as old as time Spike Island was a good feeling . It was this feeling of space , a feeling of freedom , ..... after having been locked up ..... by 11 years of a Conservative government .
`` My dearest Gloria , it was a slice of heaven to finally meet you , my dear . You have made a mad old woman a very happy mad old women . I 'll miss you and your beautiful family , but I 'll be visiting , just you try and stop me .
If anyone 's back there besides the Invigilator , it 's him . Everyone else is a secretary in his structure- even board members . That 's how he likes it .
I actually believe he might be a calming influence on her . And Petey 's doing very well , turning into quite a confident young man . '' Which reminds me of the time , an Englishman , an Irishman , a Scotsman , a Vicar , a Rabbi , and a Priest all walk into a pub , and the barman says :
But by the point that they got into power ..... it was pretty evident to me that ... .. us lot , i.e . the artists , ..... and the entertainers , ..... were , um , you know ... Basically , if , you know , if you went there , ..... you were gon na go through the front door and just be shown the exit ..... as soon as you got in .
What have you done with Lance , Rosemary ? - You know , I prefer Rosie . It takes me back to my childhood .
That sheet is yours to spoil . Yes , it is , but only your sheet . - It 's a piece of paper .
Why do n't you just tell me who they are ? My husband and his mistress . They were planning to run away together .
Even liars tell the truth occasionally . - He really needs that pill , does n't he ? - Fast .
So , well , it 's funny actually , because I only came here ... to tell you that I 'm not coming , but I guess you beat me to it . Perhaps you 're already there with one of those girls you do n't know . Have a nice life , Lance .
Throw out some ideas . What if the questions are hidden in the paper , but each of us has to write a different answer ? He said ...
.. and are duking it out , to see who is the biggest . The way I see it is Steve Sutherland saying to Damon Albarn , ... `` Release a single on the same day as them . ''
It 's s'posed to be about his bird . Meg Matthews at the time , he wrote it for her . - Wall face ?
We 're in a darkroom ! This room is a great big darkroom ! - And this must be photographic paper .
Oh , darling . So , they made love in every room in the house , did they , Lilian and Brian ? And they went around twice .
* She turns me on * Then all my violence is gone ... The mid- ' 90s was a very up time .
The magic bullet . - The gift of life for millions . Such a breakthrough creates unanticipated dilemmas .
Is it a sign , do you think ? - No , I think it 's a trunk . In the books I read when I was a boy there was always a trunk just like this , full of treasure .
* Du bist sehr schoen * But we have n't been introduced * Girls who are boys who like boys to be girls
I ca n't tell you anything because I do n't know anything ! HR does n't cover the CEO 's , he hires his staff personally ! I 'm not lying !
Holly , this is totally unacceptable . - I 'm 17 , it 's been legal for a year . Legal does not make it decent .
`` No , I went there 2000 years ago . I met this nice little Jewish girl , and they 're still talking about it . '' I did good , huh ?
You could n't ask for a more representative group to qualify for the final stage . Four men and four women entered this room , all from differing cultures and ethnic backgrounds , possessing a healthy mixture of skill-sets . How convenient that is .
Party Hard ) It was an exciting time . It was like the reinvention of what was back in the ' 60s , ..... and punk .
You still do n't get it , do you ? Let me spell this out for you . There is no question !
So let 's create an emergency . That would be very risky . - It 's less risky than doing nothing .
But I ca n't drive . I 'm not getting in the car . - But , I 'm a learner .
Equal opportunities , Black . HR would n't expect anything less , would they ? Oh , by all means , ask him for help .
Can I have my ticket , please ? - Right , and how does that work ? Because I gave you a bunch of money to get two tickets , you get ...
We all know someone with the virus , that 's why they call it a pandemic . Nice evasive manoeuvre , but we 're talking about the real reason you 're here . Yeah ...
Perfect . Freshen up and we 'll meet in a couple of hours . We 'll catch up then .
You 're not even gon na think about it ? I 've given it enough consideration . I do n't wan na move to another country with you as much as I do n't wan na marry you .
See ? I put him down and suddenly we 're cooperating again . He 's a talker .
He needed ways to symbolise that freshness . Doing headers with Kevin Keegan , ..... or , you know , talking to Noel Gallagher , ..... or whatever it was . He went out into the country .
Oh ! I was wondering what you were doing whilst you missed the FA Cup Final . Fuck you , man .
[ Chuckles ] Imagine looking into your baby 's eyes . And seeing me smiling back at you ... Laughing .
But it is for a good cause . Maybe not as important as the big needs , but important for our community . Or am I justifying something that I really should n't be doing ?
Where 's Anita ? I do n't know why you wear all that make up . - You look so much better without it .
Now , '' pride and prejudice . '' Do you have '' she came in chains '' ? I ca n't seem to find it on the shelves .
[ Sighs ] Do they really use branches as dildos ? Well , I 've seen footage .
Who becomes his sex slave . Oh , brilliant , Marcus , you 're a natural . Gentlemen , shall we do this ?
Arrangement . I thought it was just a phase . I thought she 'd be back after a week or two .
Nothing 's changed really . - Well , that 's a good point , except that miss fielding can not be compared to Jane Austen . Well , actually , sir , the first book was meant as an homage to Austen .
Forget about the sex . That 's just a means to an end . We 're trying to find a better way to live .
Mr. rose , I hope you 're sitting down or at least somewhere where you can faint at Liberty . Not easy , but fire away . [ Miss law ] We have a deal .
Ralph . Leave it to the master . What are you doing ?
Him ... her ... I do n't think Lily will ever know how many hours of my life I 've spent thinking about her .
Well , what d'you think ? I do n't know if I can just leave like that . Baby , please .
And you 'll feel so guilty , you 'll start applying to law school . Well , she can do her worst after breakfast . I ca n't wait .
It still does n't alter the facts . The nearest I get to writing is the drama review in the school mag and I 'm an English teacher . Well , it ca n't be that hard , can it ?
I never said it ... People like Judith have no use here , I 'm sorry . - I liked her .
Not easy , but fire away . [ Miss law ] We have a deal . For '' love let her . ''
Take it easy . - How am I supposed to take it easy ? Look , mate , you just need something to relax .
I 'd always wondered what the post function was for . Yes , thank you , Matilda , that will be all . Bye .
Make love , not war . The aim is to avoid conflict in the first place . A high level of sexual activity greatly reduces the chances of one occurring .
Confirming your meeting with miss law this Thursday . You wo n't be late , will you ? [ Woman ] Who is it ?
I do n't drink coffee . Oh , well , that settles it , then . No coffee , no alcohol .
Which we ca n't . If we did , they 're not going to go for mummy porn written by four blokes . There must be a way to persuade them that it 's more interesting to have a mysterious secret writer .
♪ Do I see sparks ... Well , you wanted to ask me for a drink , right ? Yeah .
Right . Let 's focus on the dispute . [ Clicking ]
Oh , marvellous . - And there ... are the used ones . - You 'll be wanting some more , then .
Remember when one of Anita 's sisters visited . No one had sex for a whole weekend . Ralph , it 's her mom .
We hope you enjoy it . Please , come back to us soon . I 'll consider it .
It was n't enough for him , though . He did n't feel it , could n't believe that any of us really wanted him . It became a problem .
I 'm gon na fucking go and get what I 've earned , I 'm gon na get back with Katie and go and get the fuck out of this fucking shit . I 'm over my head , Ed ! You ca n't leave , Mike .
Moving on from these sophisticated appraisals of Mr. firth 's acting ability , what I 'm trying to convey , is that despite the lake scene , the makers of that adaptation generally chose to reflect Jane Austen 's ability to infuse her narratives with a subtle eroticism , which is all the more effective by not being overt . Sir , there 's an erotic version of '' pride and prejudice '' on the Internet .
Judith . Lily may be a while . Why do n't I show you around ?
Good boy . - And the keys are in the ignition . - Yeah , yeah .
I 'm not sure I do , to be honest . But , I said I 'd help her , and I thought Bonar and law would be a good place to start , if you get my meaning . Generally it 's only the yanks who makes fools of themselves with the '' boner '' joke .
♪ Jesus , can you even see ? ♪
That 's what they say , is n't it ? Now , what are you going to say ? I have n't a fucking clue .
♪ ♪ When I look back upon my life ... ♪ ♪ it 's always with a sense of shame ♪ ♪ I 've always been the one to blame ♪ ♪ For everything I long to do
Why do you want to know ? My GCSE class insists on discussing it when they should be studying Jane Austen . Well , it 's certainly not Jane Austen .
♪ Trick photography on speed ♪ ♪ I was locked inside a room ♪ ♪ They a deal , they would control ♪
Ah , do n't worry , I got time . I 'm not some liquer , you know . I ai n't strapped .
♪ ♪ Lay down , my couch is over there ♪ ♪ I think you 'll find it 's way more comfortable ♪
So you are James , please . How long have you known Eve ? Um , just since the start of the summer .
♪ ♪ They did n't quite succeed ♪ ♪ For everything I long to do ♪ ♪ No matter when , or where , or who
♪ But they 're not here , they 've got the wild life ♪ ♪ If you want to find out , find out ♪ ♪ You have to look them in the eye ♪
So you 're my assassin then , Danny . They know what you 've been doing . You 've been well dipped , buddy .
If I jerk the handle You 'll die in your dreams If I jerk the handle jerk the handle
( cheering ) Thank you , thank you , people . We are Wobbly Legged Rat .
Chris tells me you served in The Paras . I heard about the ambush at Kajaki . Very heroic .
She 's dual nationality . Her father was a British aid worker . She speaks five languages .
♪ ♪ I read a book a day like an apple ♪ ♪ But I did not eat ♪
Ca n't stand the wanker . Just keep your head down . And I 'm absolutely positivo that we can do this .
♪ I 'd love to think about the year ♪ ♪ When we sobbed , and then we cheered ♪ ♪ The town deserted like a film ♪
Are you planning a war ? It 's necessary , I 'm starting an army . Got ta get my people trained up .
♪ Baby , you would sleep much better ♪ ♪ Maybe you would sleep much better ♪ ♪ Baby , you would sleep much better ♪
Is a long time ... Now I 'm not going to stand here , and tell you ... Eh ...
♪ The act so discreet ♪ ♪ They are hypocrites , forget them ♪ ♪
Since then , she 's been working with these people non-stop . Who knows what effect that could have . - And she 's perfect cover for him .
♪ La-la la la-la ♪ ♪ La-la la la-la la ♪ ♪ La la la-la-la la-la-la la la ♪
Pop music 's basically -- it 's been on the slide since 1969 . Do you have any idea what he 's talking about ? Not really , but he sounds quite sad
I do n't know . Is there anything you do know ? I know that the member of the I.S.I ... can only be appointed with the approval of the CIA .
So , is the band going to have a name ? Oh , no , not a name conversation . Why not a name conversation ?
We would have ... if we knew where the cells were . Wether you know where the cells are or not , you need to be thinking about it .
Something to read ? I got another Judy Cooper . Take the other you got on ( ?
Roger that . On the move to the main , repeat , on the move to the main . They 're on the move .
My name is Charles Bronson . And all my life I wanted to be famous . I knew I was made for better things
♪ Just lie still ♪ ♪ You 'll feel better ♪ ♪ What happened , I wan na go home ♪
Yup , but it 's not like she 's gon na look at us with all the Swiss Germans here . No , there 's no way she 's getting past the big Swiss German . Life is tragic .
Oh , come on , drop it , man , you 're acting all soft , Miller . Making me feel well choked up . - You do n't need him .
♪ Some bloody holiday ♪ ♪ My friends have gone away ♪ ♪
I suppose it is homework really . I love a nativity play , can I see them ? - Yeah .
But we should have . Do you recognize this young woman ? Her name is Alayna Wallace .
Change it into dollars now and change it into euros whenever . Actually once all the excitement 's over the euro will most likely drop in value . So we 'll probably get a better exchange rate this way too .
She had that thousand pound in cash on her , I thought , she must be one of the gang . What gang ?
There 's only one missing . Then rapid response corner the van . Trapped .
They were assigned designated locations . The targets , they selected for themselves . One thing for sure , it 's ...
Come on , open the door , we 've got a warrant . Jean , you know how this works , open the door . Do n't make it more difficult than it has to be .
Conolly 's great game , is still being played . We need men , with your particular skill set . Until today we had no idea , that the plot you uncovered , even existed .
Shall we start again ? Joseph the Worker , first century , dates uncertain ? I would n't have said nervous .
But where does it end ... hm ? You shoot Noel for what he did to Leonard and then Sid shoots you ? Sid ?
What 's Sid got to do with it ? Sid Rourke 's Noel Winters ' uncle . Not looking too good there , me old son .
I 've no idea . Some one must have said something strange . Digital ?
Well , we 're off the case now , thanks to you . I think he 's going to the estate . I think he 's going to kill Noel Winters .
Nathan , hiding in the back wo n't help you . Would you like to come up and show us ? Go on , Nathan .
Look people are weird . You 've got to be more careful . You should n't really talk to them .
All of it . Well what else can we do ? It 's not ours is it ?
That 's a bit of a weird one . - Thanks for the drink and stuff . - Not at all .
Well , that may be true , but I have a problem . Counsel will argue that whoever killed Mr. Attwell did so out of self defence , which means they 'll be charged with manslaughter , not murder . Jesus Christ .
Shall we count it before we go ? No , we ca n't we 're really late . How much ?
That 's very gentlemanly of you . Is n't that the right thing to do ? Yes .
Are you allowed to smoke then ? You can do what you like up there , son . It 's down here , you have to make the effort .
I want a gun . He 's not coming any more , Granddad . It 's all over with .
We were just talking , Nathan . I was looking at Jupiter . I did n't do it on purpose .
Noel ? You never asked us that one question . Yeah ?
What do you want ? Ca n't you see I 'm busy ? Just go away .
Yes , although upon recent evidential proof I 'd expect this to possibly change , if I 'm allowed to split infinitives , to possibly change . Which I believe I technically am now . Of course , one of the most famous infinitive splits of all time came in the introductory lines of Star Trek , '' to boldly go , '' and ...
You failed to maintain your weapon , son . I do n't reckon you 've got long . I 've that before .
They tried to kill her by crushing her to death on a wheel . But she made the wheel explode and all the splinters killed people in the crowd . The patron Saint of fireworks .
Luke , we 're trying to think of fun questions for each other , we 're not trying to prove how many trigonometric identities we know . Well , then I really do n't see the point . We are competing with each other .
Leisure pass . I 'm afraid you 're going to have to ask your mum to come in . This is n't enough .
Can you turn things to ice ? Are you really good at maths ? Ah , yeah .
As of now , we 're forming Operation Blue Jay . We 'll take a zero-tolerance stand on gun-related violence . We 're gon na come down quick and hard on the criminal gangs that control the flow of heroin on the estate .
I do n't know . He just wanted to go , Julie . I could see it in his eyes .
I just want to be good . Look I ca n't say too much about this , because of that whole free will thing . Right ?
# Close my eyelids , hide my eyes # I 'll be idle in my ideals # Think of nothing else but !
Testing my team for weaknesses , Richard ? You should relax more , not take it so seriously . It 's all right for you , you got the best in the world to choose from .
You 've ruined me . I do n't want to be like that again . And you need someone like me .
From God ? It 's not really his thing is it , handing out cash ? Why would God hand out ...
So , there 's this person I like , but I know how bad I 'm gon na get and it 's very difficult to imagine any sort of a rosy future or anyone wanting to be a part of that future with me . Oh , Pm sorry , I 'm sorry .
Why do n't we give the money to the lady with the bin ? It 's not ours and we 're never going to spend it all . She could do good with it .
I 've done it before . Just got a bit carried away this time . How did your mum and dad explain it to you ?
Twat ! You 're really showing us up ! Why 'd you do it ?
It was just ... It was just nice , you know , to have someone to talk to . For once .
How many eggs do we have left , Georgie ? I 've got some reading to do for school . Wait a minute .
You should be thankful . See that bomb they set off in London ? It was on the news .
Yeah . Thinks I 'm some sort of invalid . She ca n't stop fussing .
You can do it . Push me up , pull me down . To the 5 , to the 4 , to the 3 .
Anything unusual happened in the last few days ? Anything you know but you 're not telling me ? Dead ?
Chinese , I mean . You do n't say a lot in English at all . This room seems reasonably symmetrical .
I mean , look at Israel , created through a violent struggle and now it 's an internationally recognised state . In America , the American forefathers fought the British , beat them hands down , and now what are they ? They 're the biggest superpower on this planet .
How 's your acting coming along ? I have n't seen you in anything . You really must tell Tom and I next time you do something .
You look beautiful . I hardly ever think about those days . Uni feels like another life to me .
What time does it finish ? 8 : .00 , but then I 've got to be at home . She keeps waking up during the night lately .
Knew all about my wife . Knew I 'd kill anyone you put in front of me . You can use her as an excuse if you want .
Round of applause for United Kingdom ! `` It represents a great opportunity to see how they measure up '' `` against students from the rest of the world . ''
Right . Let 's get that lovely cup of tea we 've been promising ourselves , then we 'll see what the gorgeous Charlie 's been up to all morning . Cut .
'An animal can only take so much punishment and humiliation'before it snaps , fights back . 'That 's its nature , you know ? ' I felt responsible for the boy .
They are happy for you to lose yourself and all that this world has to offer so that you stay unaware and intoxicated with their mindless chatter . So that you do not question the situation you find yourselves in . Trapped in a vicious circle of your own doing .
* When will we know They want me to sign for another 2 years , but it 's too long . I would n't be able to do anything else , and there 's talk of a couple of films in the pipeline .
Listen , if you 're happy living this small-town , small expectations existence , that 's fine with me . If you 're happy that the most exciting thing you 've got to look forward to is the Whitby shop , then who 's stopping you ? But I want more .
I guarantee he 'll be nothing but trouble . Do n't worry , it 's your funeral . Ta-da !
Gerry Adams is a murderer . This is a law class . It 's not a political forum for you to ...
Give me him ! My dad gave me him ! I 'm going to kill you !
He bravely answered his country 's call , and leaves a loving wife , Louise , his brothers , Ian and Daniel , and his mother , Margaret . It 's at times like these that we must find strength and peace in the memories of what he meant to us , an honorable son and brother . He was older than his 25 years and was the one his family relied upon since losing their father at an early age .
I 've found my peace . You must understand that things do not happen without reason . There are no coincidences .
You want to be an actor , do n't you ? Harry tells me that you may be an extra in some soap opera . ( chuckles )
Be his guide , Lord . Embrace him with your love . Take away his fear of the unknown , Lord , and embrace him .
( Ticking ) The government claims that domestic terror groups fractured since Osama Bin Laden 's death , and due to increased cooperation with key Middle ... Unbelievable !
It reminds me of Bluey . - That 's a nice thing , man . - It 's all the bad things , son .
* There 's up and there 's down * And there 's no way around * What he 's hiding
Oh , God ... He put things inside me . He put glass inside me .
Last week also saw the first official announcement into the bombings . The perpetrators were a home-grown cell . None had been identified as potential threats prior to the attacks .
She was an American artist living in Paris . That 's where she met Degas . He drew her many times over the years , but this one is from 1879 .
So , my wife was a big lady . You 'd hear her going up the stairs . And it was like boom , boom , boom , boom .
Excellent . Where did you get that from at 4 in the morning ? I found it in one of the cupboards .
Give him the strength to find a way . And let him know that whatever is troubling him , he can confide in you and ask for your forgiveness . OK .
You ca n't tell from those , but she 's a redhead , well developed for her age . Someone will have seen her . Shops , offices , railways , commuters ...
His murderers repaired to Corinth , where , Plutarch tells us , spying a flock of the same birds , one of their number exclaimed in jest , `` Behold , the avengers of lbycus . '' The bathroom is on the first landing for proper washing .
You are . This will finish it off nicely ... - Hey-
Then why take off her clothes ? Maybe the spirit was willing . Saturday night , he 'd had a skinful .
♪ And ♪ Will close my eagle eyes ♪ Hang up my skin to dry
My dad gave me him ! I 'm going to kill you ! Hannah .
Spoke to his parents . They confirmed they gave him a watch last year , matching the one we found . Anything else you left off telling me ?
Mean ... You 've never had cause to doubt your husband ? Never !
I just decided enough was enough . ' I put flowers on my Pauline 's grave every week . ' I prayed for you the other day .
How is it any fault of a kiddie what side of the sheets it 's born ? Her flesh and blood and yet all this . As if we did n't all get here the same way .
What he was up to , his routine , he paid me extra . I told him useless stuff- who he met , what time , his routine , - just useless stuff .
Had n't been interfered with , according to Dr. DeBryn . Then why take off her clothes ? Maybe the spirit was willing .
Police in Luther County are investigating the mysterious death of the former policeman and private investigator Winston Lee-Burrill after his body was discovered early this morning . The sheriff 's department reports the suspected killers are in fact Mr. Lee-Burrill 's pet snakes , which escaped from their cages in the middle of the night . Have they gotten them all ?
I 'm gon na find myself a crossbreed . So what , are we meant to bring a date ? You as well ?
Subject is a well-nourished female . Approximately 15 years of age . Five-foot two .
Grady 's confession , his remorse , make the lesser penalty appropriate punishment . What if after this interview I discover Darius has got PTSD ? What if the jury buys it ?
It 's a family tradition . We always go quiet before a race . It 's part of the preparation .
Morse ... Do you deny you were there , Minister ? Naturally .
Maybe he knew something . He had more than his share of run-ins with the law . Any evidence ?
Threw the towel in before your finals . That 's the trouble with you posh-ohs . No gumption .
I do n't know . That 's why I want to look at it . That 's not possible .
I do n't know the meaning of that word . Yeah , I 'm sure there 's loads of words you do n't know the meaning of , love . Like '' deodorant '' and '' toothpaste '' .
Get that lot circulated . You ca n't tell from those , but she 's a redhead , well developed for her age . Someone will have seen her .
Come on out , now . How did you know to go out there ? Darius called 911 .
Oh , yes ? I 'm sorry to have to tell you , sir , but I 'm afraid he was found dead this morning . Dead ?
Around 11 : 00 . After practice , when came out to the car , had a puncture , and had to wait an age for assistance . But please , what is this all about ?
We 've got the world 's very best relay teams . What 's she doing on the third leg ? She 's the anchor .
I 've asked , I have . All they say is , '' If you want a team sport , go and play ... '' - Football , yeah .
We 're not together any more . You 're close to your sister , Mrs. Veelie ? Not really .
Because I do n't believe in it . Not even for a child murderer ? Settle for life without parole .
J ' J ' E poi la nave appare ... J '
Except ... When I was holding Lucy she kept saying air. `` Want air . ''
Hand ! Superb performance by the British . Going into the back straight .
Yeah . The rest of the team . Darts .
That 's because they use a downpass . The stick comes in a downward motion . Look , just like ... that .
I 'm afraid you 're not gon na be able to share Lisa 's coach . They 've built up a routine over the years and with the Worlds only a few months away , it 's just too close to disrupt them . - I hope you understand .
Now do it again . - Here she is , the golden girl . - Hello there , Mr Temple .
Relay . I 've got a space on the team and it 's yours if you want it . Yeah , I 've never really run the relay before .
Darius said Lucy was trying to tell him something . That 's the reason why I want to look at his stuff . Just to give Darius some peace of mind .
We 're not saying anything . What 's your conscience telling you to do ? - Is this them or you ?
Lisa . Come on , we just ... we just scratched each other 's eyes out in front of millions of people . Yeah , and you also just qualified for the finals with the worst relay I 've ever seen .
Do you hear voices ? Well , we all hear voices . Is this going anywhere , Mr. Decosio ?
But PTSD excuses him from committing the crime . That is a fantastic argument . Cake and eat it .
'Their Christian mothers Were lazy perhaps 'Leaving it up to the school 'Where the moral perspective Is hazy perhaps
But you won the silver . You do n't win silver , Mum . It 's a consolation for losing .
And second , 30 stab wounds , and most of them were not deep . No , less than an inch , which implies the need to inflict pain and suffering . It 's not a frenzied attack- not , again , the typical response of an enraged husband .
Do n't go . - No , I ca n't be bothered . Oi , what about your food , bro ?
We were just discussing Dr. Hill 's motel . I would n't worry about that . He 'll be back home in England by tonight .
I do n't touch money no more . Put it down on the table . You 're too big for money now ?
♪ And only heroin was there To take away the pain ♪ So she folded the foil and lit the flame Inhale , exhale out once again ♪ She 's on the game They all know her face
It was an accident . Do you know who that girl was , though ? Nah .
'And , and I-I did my best with mine , 'so a lot of these mothers and fathers has to be blamed for this as well ! ' A lot of mother and father ! Listen ...
♪ I 've told Danny Boy and Cryptic a thousand times ♪ ♪ That they got evil minds ♪ ♪ And they just need to take some time ♪
You might want to remember that . Remember what I told you , boys . Two dead punters .
Okay . I need to discuss some things with you . Upstairs .
So , you know ... I left it in here or on the table in the kitchen . Look at these ladies .
Breathtaking as usual . Mickey , meet our American friend , Martell . Mickey .
♪ Verbal stipulator , oral illustrator ♪ Orally illustrating what I 'm stipulatin ' ♪ Drugs rule everything around me Thugs making money
Do n't tell me he 's got you wrapped around his little finger , okay ? I mean , come on , Liza . What the hell is that ?
Come on you 're the most beautiful girl I know , what 's the matter ? When I first saw you , I thought you was a like a star or something you know ? and you know what 's more , huh ?
♪ Into your brain ♪ I got just the thing for you . ♪ They 're playing '' Follow the Leader '' ♪
♪ Around ... ♪ ♪ You take a chance and try to make it ... ♪ My favourite Lithuanian .
Kelly help me Kelly help allright you two , that 's deep enough you fucking ..
Hello ! Come on open up , it 's me . You all right ?
yeah then he got a knife he said he would n't hurt me i screamed i wanted to get out
yeah so are you one ? come on are you a virgin ? have you fucked anyone ?
you 've been ages yeah , I had to earn some money , did n't i ? stick your hand out why ? oh , wicked !
We 're still on for next week , yeah , bruv ? Next week 's no good , man . You remember what we said ?
What do you wan na do ? It 's too early to call can we go to the beach ? What for ?
Yeah . Tried to set us up . - So what 's the message ?
You can take me for a stupid cunt if you want , but one of these boys will cut your ears off I 'll ask you again , how often did you get my dad a girl ? a couple of times , three or four what kind of girls ?
then he got a knife he said he would n't hurt me i screamed i wanted to get out what did he do with the knife ?
Well , being very , very honest ... I think it was a very difficult job for anyone to do . I do feel that Brian Clough ...
We 're gon na create a footballing dynasty here . Derby could be one of the greats . Alongside United , Liverpool , Leeds .
Should 've been docked points , sent down to Second Division . Listening to you , I 'm struck this is not just a business matter for you both . It 's more than that .
BECAUSE IT 'S FREEZING OUT THERE , AND YOU CA N'T EVEN SEE PAST THE DRIVE . COMMON SENSE , ANDY .
YES , THEY GOT THEIR OWN LINE . THEIR ROOMS ARE THROUGH THE KITCHEN . RIGHT .
HAVE ENOUGH TO LAST FOR WEEKS . WE GET BAD STORMS HERE , IT 'S NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT . BESIDES , IT COULD BE A LOT WORSE .
Been having it for 3 weeks , they reckon , one way or another . They ran all sorts of tests on me . I told them the only thing they need to know ... was that I share my professional life with Brian Clough .
PLEASE , LET ME IN . I DO N'T HAVE MUCH TIME . Woman :
NEVER SEEN ONE OF THOSE BEFORE . I 'VE ALWAYS WANTED TO DO THAT . I WAS PRETTY IMPRESSED YOU LASTED THIS LONG WITHOUT BREAKING ANYTHING .
Wash these walls down . Give the floors a proper polish . I 'll be back !
He should n't have done that piece in the Mirror about me Saying he thought I was a daft choice . - Well , he 's entitled to his opinions .
IN A LAVENDER-SCENTED BATH WHILE SINGING CHER . GOD , I THINK YOU 'VE TURNED HIM GAY . YOU COULD ALWAYS BUNK UP WITH ME .
Dave Mackay . - You do n't sound happy , Uncle Sam . - I 'm not .
IT FITS . IT GETS PASSED ON TO THE NEXT KILLER SO THAT HE CAN FINISH THE JOB .
Where 's your dignity ? And do n't ring here again . Look , the pub 's just down there .
SO LET 'S GO FIND HIM . AND STANDING HERE THEORIZING IS NOT GOING TO GET US ANYWHERE . WE COULD LOCK OURSELVES IN A ROOM .
Andy : SORRY , I PROMISE I 'LL BE UP FOR IT TOMORROW NIGHT . - YEAH , YEAH .
It 's the First Division . But we gave Brighton our word . And they paid us the money .
IF WE HAVE TO ... IF IT COMES TO KILL US , WE HAVE TO KILL IT FIRST . I CA N'T DO THAT IF I LOOK AT THIS THING AND SEE OUR FRIEND .
WHAT DID WE EVER DO TO HIM ? HE INVITES US UP HERE , AND IT'S- - IT 'S WHAT ?
2-1 You clever , clever , clever bastard . You should 've seen O'Hare 's first .
SO THERE 'S ABSOLUTELY NO CHANCE OF ME GIVING A SPEECH . OH , COME ON , IT 'S BEEN YOUR BIRTHDAY IN BANGKOK FOR HOURS . WELL , IF YOU WOULD N'T MIND , I WOULD LIKE TO PROPOSE A TOAST .
It was hell . I missed his first birthday on a recall . You know , I only ever got one birthday with him .
Come on . - Come on , get those knees up . Dave Mackay .
No way . Lorraine does , but I think part of it is because she does miss her , but she 's got a mad way of showing it . ( Lorraine ) I do n't recall crying at my mum 's funeral .
7-a-sides . Keep it nice and clean . Hey .
To me A State Affair was a progression of Rita , Sue and Bob Too . It highlighted how the Arbor and the Buttershaw Estate had changed and how the people living on the estate had changed . You know , erm , from drug addiction to a serious lack of community and communication .
I was getting it sent in . It 's not hard to get drugs in prison . Act 2 , Scene 9 .
To Brian Clough , first of all . What 's your reaction to being sacked in this fashion ? Well , obviously , Austin ... me initial reaction is one of shock at finding myself here with him .
I started drinking at every opportunity , smoking weed every single day . By the time I was 15 , I used to go up to the Buttershaw Estate and I used to walk up from Great Horton because it 's , like , 20 minutes ' walk . And , erm , I got introduced to crack cocaine .
Not won the European Cup . But pretty much everything else . - Daunted ?
First thing Monday morning ... I want you to go and find me that player , a wise head . - We have n't ...
Erm , so , no , I ca n't forgive her . Andrea Dunbar is 18 years old . When she was 15 she wrote a play set in Bradford , where she was brought up .
You know , and I was so grateful for them to do it , but I was so jealous and envious that he was n't with me . I wanted him with me , where he belonged , with me . I was just being downright bloody selfish .
If I bought tinfoil , my Auntie Pamela would know about it within five minutes . I used to have to get other people to go in the shop for me and stuff . Erm ...
I 'm just about to meet a young mum-to-be for the first time . Can I call you back ? Only I 've been speaking to Mrs Ball , who 's had a call from ...
Yes , I hope she 'll make a success of herself . I think she wrote with great wit and great perception about the things happening round her . It 's a tragedy that she never wrote the plays of her maturity , comparatively .
J * For these earthly things ? J * When did you lose your halo ... Oh , God .
I used to pick him up from the nursery and he knew , he 'd run to me and go in my pockets cos he knew I had sweets in my pockets for him . I said , '' Why did n't you leave him with me that night ? '' If you knew you were looking for drugs and you were going out , why did n't you ?
J * When did you get down from heaven ? J * When did they let you go ? Ah , Mary , Mary , Mary .
I 'll fuck you in a minute . Send them on Manningham Lane . It 's the best place for ' em .
And she seemed to want to go . I did n't see any coercion or anything . Erm ...
Obviously I 'd always been close to me grandma anyway , so I decided that I wanted to be with me grandma . Andrew wanted to be with his dad and Lorraine went to live with my Auntie Janine . Cos they used to get , like , moved .
I was thinking , '' I 've got to keep this together here . '' And then the second time was when Lisa Dunbar , Andrea 's second child , who was in the audience , screaming and crying , going , '' No , I ca n't , no . ''
But still to this day , if you talk about it to me aunties and stuff , and they 'll still say , '' We do n't know which one of yous it were . '' And I 'm like , '' It were n't me ! '' Because I can actually remember it , to this day . She were messing with matches and the mattress caught fire .
Yeah , just a bit sore . Good nights will do that to you . But do n't worry .
Got them all confused into thinking they 're legit . Got them thinking they 're heroes and worth writing books about and everything . And this is not me trying to glorify the criminal game .
So you come down here , you play on a slot machine , you pick up a whore , you buy some pills , then you 're helping him get richer . He gets 10 % of everything that happens here . Everybody pays ?
William . - That 's quite a bright tie , William . - Yes .
You want the truth I was hoping to go for a walk . Sorry , it was n't meant to sound like an offer . You do your time , then you can go straight .
Good . So now we can just put our guns down , right ? Jermaine , you 're pointing your gun in the wrong face .
Right . How does that work , if you do n't mind me asking ? Is one of you the bitch , one the daddy ?
She usually rings us to say the baby has n't arrived yet . Well , she got her maternity grant yesterday , so I think she 's out shopping with her mum . - Mum ?
Dean , I ca n't carry on like this . That money 's just sitting there waiting for us to take it . I do n't see why we ca n't just take off , just the two of us .
We 've lost Kirsty , I 'm afraid . Her mother turned up with her boyfriend . Pretty disruptive , abusive .
WILLIAM : J * When did you get down from heaven ? J * When did they let you go ?
J * When You Were Sweet Sixteen J * I love you as I 've never loved before J * Since first I saw you on the village green
I bequeath £ 243,000 , and the remainder of my estate . And this includes a substantial portfolio of shares , the value of which is still being calculated since the investments were made some time ago . - You are so messy .
Last fella who did n't went for a swim off the end of the pier . Only he did n't get very far . Word is Eddie strapped him up with some old car wheels instead of armbands .
Yeah , well ... I was thinking you might want a lift . You want the truth I was hoping to go for a walk .
Could you stop doing that , please ? I 'm sorry to have to tell you both this . My mother passed away a few hours ago .
But I ... I wondered ... if ... if you 'd mind . Why would I mind ?
Dracul nothing wrong with them . Are you even a doctor ? I do not want them Kindle my girls .
Of course . Thought we might start off with a few champagne cocktails . Champagne cocktails ?
Bring Jed and Stevie to the gym . - I take the truck though . But it is party .
You can make all the rules . I want the money , too . But taking it tonight is a mistake .
And warn your brothers . You 'd have to call them . - They do not listen to me .
So , for a fee , you could take them off their hands . Sell them a coffin for their loved ones , arrange a burial . Yeah , and when people are grieving they do n't think about how much things cost .
I watch you die . I make you broke , piece by piece . Who has a condom ?
All right . Can you tell us what we 're supposed to have done ? Sixteen counts of first-degree murder .
10,000 . That of the roadies is also gone . And even they were too fast .
All right , Patterson . Prepare this gentleman for the lecture . What about his , uh ...
Stand up , please . I must find my daughter . Let 's call the police .
What more could a man ask for ? Mighty fine place you have here , gentlemen . How much will you be asking ?
! And who provided the 16 cadavers ? !
What is boxing ? Cristi , you have my prize ? Something better .
They appear to have a herring barrel with them , sir . I have no taste for herring , Patterson . Send them away .
Both . Jed , lure the dog away . Right behind you .
That 's what makes him such a great tragic hero . The whole play is about his ... his inner struggle between good and evil . Right and wrong .
A family business that you do not want . - They want to party with girls . Say something .
I 'm gon na be the man who comes back home to you And if I grow old Well , I know I 'm gon na be
They 're armed . - Why do we get this tool . My child needs a doctor .
Go to London or America . I think I might even have a cousin there . And quit the most lucrative enterprise we 're ever likely to find ?
Thirty years ago I worked for the government . I 've heard things and seen I could not see . I 'm a big fraud discovered in the City .
Well done . We 'll , um , we 'll be in touch . - Just do n't hold your breath .
Feet . There will be six men . I want a trailer for a camp .
I think I might even have a cousin there . And quit the most lucrative enterprise we 're ever likely to find ? I do n't think so .
Tonight is a very particular fight . Three men in a cage . The last man wins .
Doloreta Bring back to me . I remember when Stevie and Sonny were born . So fine .
Got an early start . - It was lovely to meet you , Mr. Burke . - Well , can I see you again ?
The government has totally lost the plot . - You do not know how bad . They do not .
It 's inconceivable that the height of culture on offer in Edinburgh is this bloody dive . Which is why I 'm proposing ... and do n't laugh at me ... that we put on ...
Who are you working , and where are they ? Why everyone spits on me ? That was stupid .
You really think someone will verify that ? You does not care about quality . Nobody cares for it yet .
Gentlemen ... we live , thank God , in enlightened times . The watchword of our age is '' progress . '' Progress in the arts .
'Something quite catastrophic has happened here ... ' 'Some breaking news for you . Reports of a major incident in North London .
Yogi Bear . Let 's check the trains to St Albans . We 'd better get you home .
But I got to get back . I left him by himself for too long . I 'm sorry .
' I know you 're vexed at the leaders of the Western world . 'Well , I 'll be writing to them , too . ' Oh ...
It makes me nervous . What does n't make you nervous ? Oh , nice .
Then suddenly she stopped looking and moved away . I traced her to St Albans . I tried to talk to her .
If you think I ca n't see you in there , you 're mad . 'We bought our flat off the council . 'Smells of chip fat , but Lenny says it 'll be a good investment one day , 'cos it 's within a stone 's throw of the City .
' ' I wish you could 've heard him , Osama . 'That noise is the fiercest and the loudest sound on earth .
Get some beers . I 'm on duty tonight , love . What ?
'Owing to a power surge at King 's Cross , 'all overground and underground trains have been cancelled until further notice . 'We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause . 'Replacement bus services are available outside the station . '
For Muslims and Christians , words have no meaning . Today , the dead have more to say . Here , rewind that bit .
He works in bomb disposal . He got called out on a job and I 'm waiting for him to come home . Christ , bomb disposal , eh ?
Can you listen for him ? I 've got to go out for a bit . - Sure , darling .
'They told me at the hospital to write down my pain in a letter . ' I do n't know if revenge is what they had in mind . ' ' I 've heard it said that grief is like an animal , Osama .
He 's a policeman . He works in bomb disposal . He got called out on a job and I 'm waiting for him to come home .
Our worst casualty estimate was below 50 . The chances of either of them dying was 500-1 . - You worked out the odds .
I get ... So what you doing tomorrow , like ? Why ?
Look at them ! I cut my arms so I would n't give them the satisfaction of dealing out the most pain . You know why they did it to me ?
Aw ! Has he gone to sleep ? Oh , shut up , man !
What ? You think I do n't know about you ? Listen .
Claire , you must know something . Just tell me anything , please . Moony goes Central University .
You 're the first bre that asked me what I like to do in years . - So where exactly is Becky , then ? - I do n't know .
Huh ? You been sleeping at her house ? You 're stupid .
He was my best friend , too . They shot him'cause they thought he was me . Why ?
He really lost it , man . I think I really broke my hand . Ca n't feel my dick .
♪ ♪ Baby , we was born ♪ Maybe we were born
♪ You 're perfect how you got it ♪ ♪ And so forget it ♪ And just like that
( SOBBING ) And this lady can give you some place to stay . Mommy just ca n't right now . WOMAN :
Heard you been talking to Falton . You mention me , or any one of my soldagos ... I 'll make sure you get your throat cut .
You tell me . I been home one day and I had to bury my best friend . - You tell me why .
♪ Baby , we was born ♪ Maybe we were born Oh , yeah .
I only met him once . Not exactly a ringing endorsement , is it ? I got a general rule that everybody on my crew 's old enough to have hair on their dicks .
Thought you said your mom was n't home . Okay , then , why are you afraid ? Look , Mary , I thought you were cool .
Company went through the roof . A little help from affirmative action , because it was very necessary . From there , he started buying smaller companies , taking their ideas , branding them with his .
Hey , honestly ... this town sucks , Sean . So why do n't you go somewhere ? Go where ?
No , no , no . Listen , this is what I want you to do . Just get everybody , set up a conference call ,
You talked about him all the time . This man , you do not talk about . He 's amazing , okay ?
We , uh ... We 're in the process of moving . Right , baby ?
What are you doing ? Can you imagine if Roc or Drew found this ? Give it back !
You know what , I 'll get a driver . Do n't you worry about me . I do n't need you .
So David wants to take me for a ride in his Ferrari later . - Show me how fast that thing is . - You sure ?
PRISON GUARD : Sorry to bother you , sir . This is with the medical kites .
What if we 're wrong ? What if I 'm the best thing that ever happened to you ? What if you 're my Prince Charming ?
That is my money in that bag . You and D are gon na figure out a way to fix this . You feel me ?
He 's better . I can not believe the two of you are finally getting married . Do you have any idea how much your mother and I have wanted this for the two of you ?
You did it . Uh , there 's an executive here , his name is John , and he , uh , knows everything about you and the apartment . You 'll be fine .
Sue me . Damn thing 's been vibrating ever since you got here . Hey .
No . Erase all my past sins . No !
Claims it changes everything . And if she 's right , how long before you think she 's gon na join these ? You go in , you get her out .
Oh , Pickle . - Dad , what will happen with the cat ? - We 'll figure something out .
So where 's the family ? I got a big brother and a little one . No Mom .
It 's Mailer 's favorite of my books . And I loved your wife 's piece in The New Yorker . Really ?
No . He talks about her with me , though . - Good .
Arkady Federov ! Sir , welcome to the Hotel Imperial . - Edgar .
Ask him . Ask him if you 're worth saving . Am I worth saving ?
It 's okay . Is Jimmy that ex of yours you been telling me about ? You were mumbling his name in your sleep .
Bravo ! Do you have a link to the drone ? Yes , we do .
Whatever you said , he thought I could save the marriage . You felt I was n't aggressive enough . I 'll make more of an effort to do stuff .
Tell her how you blame yourself for the way I turned out . Funny , you seemed to be moved by his remorse . Moved for his covering up for me like he does .
That 's it ? No '' Hello , Hanley , good to see you '' ? - '' Been a long time '' ?
How many times did you lay awake at night secretly hoping that he would just drop dead ? Well , you tell me , how does that make us different ? You 're out of bullets .
The cutlets are great . Dad , did you hear from that agent ? - Not yet .
You , me , tonight ? I finally said yes to Ferrari . You can be my wing girl .
Be better at something ? - To be a better man ? - Why did you drop me ?
He put his disease in me . Tell me it 's all right . I opened myself to you .
Jimmy , just call the cops . Please , just call the police . Shut up .
Active ' 77 to ' 08 . Used to work with Hanley . I 'm on the next plane down .
You should read the cathedral scene from Underwater . I 've done that one a lot . I thought I 'd do something new .
Right now we 're doing everything humanly possible . Nic , this place is insane . Yeah , I know .
Eventually , one of those people will extinguish the other one . All you have to do now is just to show me that it 's not too late for you . - Come on !
It was fun to hear about it . Did your dad live at home back then ? - Yeah , why ?
I would n't mind being a pro . It 's very hard to be a professional player . As good as even Ivan is , he 's not in a league with McEnroe or Connors .
I found some clothes that should fit you . What if they find Mira before you do ? Then no one will need you .
Thanks a lot . You 're living with a 20-year-old . - It 's none of your business .
Maybe we should drop Haley off first . Can you not talk about me like I 'm not in the car ? Haley , you do n't have to come along .
You 've agreed to meet with me . There must be some way you can help me . Excuse me .
Nic , it 's a broken clock . Thank you for bringing it to my attention . Can we please proceed with the shapes and colors ?
She has something on him . Something that 's scaring even her . - What ?
Shut up . Or they could be using this as a relay point . A big mama sat in that chair .
Your father will pick him up on those days when you switch houses . I 'll drive here two more times a week ? You got a place on the other side of the park .
! You need to make him answer your question ! - Am I worth saving ?
Do you have a tattoo ? This is n't an ID number ? It is an ID number , but it 's just not for you .
I have no idea where she is . The woman who approached you at the restaurant , she was a professional killer . Russian .
I do n't know . Why do n't you tell me about something less uncomfortable . Like a nice memory , maybe .
The truth of the matter is , total Mickey Mouse operation here . Antiquated methodologies , dinosaurs with government grants . A whole facility built during the first wave of Big Science outdated but allowed to continue pretending that you 're important .
Really ? Walt showed it to me . It was kind of sad , but really good .
He got into our school 's security network and ruined some major servers , including our personal ones . Nic , I want you to watch something . A big mama sat in that chair .
We got ta catch this tram . Why do you hate him so much ? The man who wants to kill us .
Rolling her around the page so she gets strangled in vomiting . I was six or seven years . Can you give me a light ?
-Damn . - I got to get this thing fixed . -
Yeah , back up . Say , 20 or 30 feet . Stop , Stop .
Thank you . And now , Uncle is very tired . Your beluga caviar .
No , look at your legs ! I 'm looking at my legs ! Watch .
You can go . See you at the pool tomorrow at nine . Hey , Aaron .
You are . Every time I look over my shoulder , you 're there . I have as much right to be here as you do , Mr. Witherspoon .
I was going to call , but ... I would not disturb you middle of the competition . No , we must at last not .
Shall I wrap them up , madam ? No , they make my feet look too big . Hmm .
On a ... We 're coming to get you . Is that the same canyon ?
No , you can not . - Then measure the circumference just one place . - Okay sir engineer .
Oh , my God ! Dear nephew Harry , this is my last will and testament . And I hope it finds you in better health than it does me .
Nic , I offer to help not because I think you need it , but because I know you do n't . Yeah , well , you wo n't have to worry about that soon , will you ? Okay .
It 's all right , James . I 'm sorry I left you guys there . You know , I swear someone was helping me , though I just ca n't bring it together .
How do you come up to it ? I have lived in hundeår . Woof .
And there 's something that I would like to show you , today , now , if you still have the time for me . You keep money in this bank ? No .
Calm down , Beth . - Have you learned it at a police course ? `` Calm down , Beth . ''
Change of subject . I have a toast to make . Then this is an occasion .
I do n't have it yet . - [ man 2 ] Are you sure about that ? - You just came from her apartment .
Somebody could come in . You should have put on the bellhop uniform while you had the chance . Do n't you think someone should keep an eye on Mr. Witherspoon ?
As my birthday got closer , I used to beg and beg for that horse . And every time I begged , Ron would slap me across the . It would only make me beg more the next day .
Calm down . Please , God , let me find my glasses ! - That woman went into my room .
Me . Is that all you get for $ 35,000 ? - A cell ?
Yeah . You know , I 'm going to wait downstairs . - This is too weird .
They greeted each other . - Thanks for the wine , Aaron . - Was the screw cap stock ?
♪ The smile that makes my pants slick ♪ ♪ As I 'm watching and panting ♪ ♪ ' Cause with you I got that click ♪
I can hear your passion . But there 's just not enough . Not here .
♪ The stars would be the stars ♪ ♪ A universe , not strange ♪ ♪ If I never met you ♪
She 's legally blind . I hate glasses , do n't you ? Now , look , this is an emergency .
[ Tommy shouts happily ] Honey , can you take care of ? Thank you .
You have this effect on me . Every time you come into the room traveling hairs on my arms . - As a charge .
Here ! And , Vinnie , I 'm sorry for everything . I apologize .
♪ Although my skin is thick ♪ - ♪ The stones ... ♪- [ gasps ] ♪ Hit me quick ♪
Please , God , let me find my glasses ! - That woman went into my room . Security made a big mistake .
Well , better for me anyway if you 've got no social life . Who else would stay behind on a Friday night to do inventory every Friday night . Who else ?
Luigi Gaudi will be your guide . Thanks , but Uncle is here for rest , you see , and seclusion . Signoris , this is nonsense .
It 's not funny . That was an incredibly fucked-up thing to do . I 'm sorry .
All I can do is sit here and stare . Hey , I 'm probably having the best time of my life and I do n't even know it . What 's she doing here ?
I do n't have much time and I wanted you to help me find that video . Wait , you know what 's on that video ? I 've never watched it , but I was there for the taping , yes .
Why do n't you put it on ? That is , if you want the job . Oh , I do , very much !
What ? Of course there 's time in the woods . You go outside and you look at the ... the sun , and the higher it is in the sky , the later it is in the day .
[ exhales deeply ] I examined the wound myself . The bullet pathway in the muscle will leave scar tissue , but not going through the entire depth .
No , but the ... the quarter dark is so good . Boston Market , that 's ... that 's from our old life , our weak life . Wait here .
Lord , have mercy . I 'm trying to understand , but I ca n't . I 'm supposed to go first , not her !
He said , '' Shelby , do n't be stupid . '' `` There 's plenty of kids who need good homes . '' `` We'II adopt 10 of them . ''
Okay . Dad , take the head and the body and bury them in two separate holes , do you understand ? The venom will attract other snakes .
I can sell the house , Mr. Hobbs . You may have to , when your wife , distressed with news of your affair , operates on someone with less than her usual skill . Malpractice suits are the ruin of many good doctors .
Jesus Christ . Every day , at least once . Question two :
( GIGGLING ) I want to cut my hair . Today .
She 's so into it . There 's no point in me talking to her anyways . Why not ?
Very few days. `` My name is Jamal Colorado , and I have kidnapped your son. `` He is unharmed , and will stay that way if you abide by the following rules . ''
Two o'clock ? Do you want it in writing ? Two o'clock ?
FRANK : Okay , we got to get him out of here . - JOE : on !
Sitting right on top of the dresser . I can not think what Sigmund Freud would say . I 'm driving .
Jesus Christ , dude . Stay above the surface where I could see you , okay ? ( sighs )
And I 'm telling you to read the word . I can tell you to because I 'm your father . I 'm stupid .
Hell . Was there a sale on beans ? ( LAUGHING ) OUISER :
Lucy got a goal , Rita ! Translated By Naco ¹ '' × Ó ¶ àÇé Smpony WISA Oopsie .
Good night , Gary . - I 'd be very happy to eat those . Your house has a bad vibe .
And then I said ... `` Dear Lucy , I 'm sorry I maybe hurt your feelings ... `` and I was thinking about you all the time .
No vegetable soup . We 're not eating vegetable soup . I 'm getting a Tupperware .
Drum 's kidney might as well be a distillery , and the boys are just too young . Best thing about it is , I 'm gon na come up out of there with a smaller waistline . ( LAUGHING )
He does n't know it . - I 'm sorry , '' The Boy Who Cried '' what ? - Wolf .
I pick berries and apples and forage . And it makes a lot of sense , yeah . ( grunting )
Where was he ? He was gone when I was born . He went away when I was born .
But how will I recognize you ? AII those men in tuxedos start to look alike . I swear I 'm gon na make you happy .
A hundred to be safe . I mean , there 's two dozen that came broken . I swear , at least two dozen .
Thank you , Mr. Wali , for that commentary . Your Honor , my client is understandably upset . Motion to recess .
I 'm not stupid . Well , if you was smart , you 'd quit work . Promise you wo n't bring that up every time you call me .
Wait a minute , let me see this . Please , I 'd know this penmanship anywhere . Ouiser , you have the handwriting of a serial killer .
How do you want me to eat these with my normal human mouth ? Do you want me to unhinge my jaw like an anaconda ? Should I put this in my belly and lay out in the sun
What are you doing ? I 'm Just getting Lucy asleep ... And you 're making noise and everything .
Joe ! Joe , do n't be an idiot ! Be calm .
And they forced me . But I know , I know now ... I know now that I 'm to blame , too ,
That Sherry ca n't leave town for a month . We 're only going to have to delay the tour a few weeks . I made some phone calls , talked to the bookers .
See , Billy has a home with me ... and I made it the best I could . And it 's not perfect ... and I 'm not a perfect parent ... and sometimes I do n't have enough patience ... and I forget he 's just a little kid ... but we built a life together ... and we love each other . And if you destroy that ... it 'll be irre -- irrep --
Yeah , I actually ordered a ... a large portion of the shrimp with lobster sauce . I figured it was pretty neutral . We can eat it family-style .
I want her back . I know I can get her back . That 's not up to me .
You do remember me , do n't you ? Yeah , of course I do . [ Laughs ]
But if he has the arrow , that 's the only thing . You got a good point . This is the International House of Pancakes quiz .
You 'll get them back whenever you 're done with your visit . You can put your hands down . I need to give you this badge ,
Coke and a Diet Coke . I 'll be right back to take your order . I had a few drinks the other night , so I may not have remembered telling you my first name , but I definitely did not tell you my last name .
[ Laughs ] I think I know what I feel . And I feel like kissing you .
You know what that means ? She 'll be six years more advanced than you . What makes you think you can do that ?
I brought you this . I want to give this back to you . You did n't come here to help me .
Keep your TV on Nickelodeon . I want you to feed her first ... when '' Hogan 's Heroes '' comes on . And then again .
You come with me and relax ... and I 'll tell you some nice stories . Lily , what did I tell you About selling on my beat ? Put it down on the table .
I 'm scared . The expensive wedding , and they drive off into the sunset . Everyone knows it 's fake , but they watch it like it 's real fucking life .
* * Please beware of them that stare . * * They 'll only smile * to see you while your time away . *
Sam , do n't be impossible . Can I have the spinach omelette -- only egg whites , no fat , no oil , no butter . - And extra mushrooms ?
Very good . OK , when we come back , we 'll go over employee personality testing . Go ahead , take a break .
Then every child who rages ... because they did n't get to stay up ... that extra hour to watch TV -- Any child who said they hated their parents ... because they did n't want a bath ... would be a prime candidate for foster care ? - objection , Your Honor .
You were n't paying attention . I 've been in love with this girl since the first time I saw her . Why would I wan na go out and try to pull randoms ?
Not yet . There 's a bathroom through there . Yeah , with a shower .
And the court hereby orders That you attend 30 Alcoholic Anonymous meetings In 30 days .
Yeah . We do n't hate each other . That 's a positive .
You know , matter of fact , I do n't want a drink , and I do n't want dinner . I do n't want anything .
That 's so lame . I actually had to ask somebody . I was like , '' Is ' take a knee ' a good thing ? ''
And , um ... Down this hallway are the bedrooms . Yeah , I know .
Good . So here 's what I think for today . Tell me what you think .
or else it looks ... - Do n't talk about vacuuming in front of me . - Why ?
♪ Oh ♪ Was the end of that ♪ That was the end of that
Yeah , but you ca n't un-ring a bell , can you ? I think I 'm just going to go . No , you do n't want to go yet , Sherry .
She 's so nice to me , you know ? And I gave Kenny up like that . Of course it did n't help that you 're in love with his wife .
I 'm just gon na introduce him to some other people . Great to ... great to meet you . Yeah .
If you want me , I can borrow his , I 'll do it for you . - You gon na drill into my wall for me ? - Whatever you want , babe .
Out of quarters ? Give me your number , I 'll call you back . - Yeah ?
Holy Mary ... Mother of God pray for us now and at the hour of death ... Amen .
I do n't know . It 's hard to figure women out . Well ...
Okay . Now walk away from the house . Go to the corner .
It was for my birthday . This is from your birthday party , Kate ? Yeah .
I would n't say for sure ... Except what they did was secret . But they have one of those police radios , you know .
No , no sirens here . At least to the best of my knowledge . What do they need security at an abandoned building for ?
That 's pretty good , huh ? The only thing is , they made one big mistake . What 's that ?
Look . All right , I know I can trust you with this . Ty .
That 's what humans do . We make plans , then we follow through . But if you want to go out with the guys , then ...
Nice to see you . This is his first time here . Welcome , man .
I ca n't guarantee the quality and I have to return it . You 'll need at least five hundred in cash . When the time comes , I 'll go get it .
So should we shower up ? You want to take a shower ? Yeah .
It 's the way I hold it , yeah . You know how to eject the clip ? Empty it ?
Be careful . It 's been a busy year for you and your boyfriend . You know I could cut the little cunt 's throat , send it back to daddy , a chunk at a time .
You were in the army ? Yeah , in Germany and desert storm . I come home .
Yeah , Eagle Shield 32 . Yeah , we 're 10-5 on that drop . Twenty minutes , 32 .
Oh , would you please get a hold of this moment ? Would you please get a hold of this moment ? No , I refuse to be made to feel bad .
We 're done here . In the program , they have this saying . Do n't give up 5 minutes before the miracle happens .
With a friend . Says he 's having the same kind of problem 's Kenny had . The wife ?
I can take care of it . Wait a minute , wait a minute . No , he 's not here for us .
They must have some idea you have that kind of cash in hand . That 's exactly what I want you to find out . Who did this ?
Yo ! We have enough clean kegs for the stuff in the bright tank ? Luke .
Let 's go . Now is not the time to pray . - Come on , Hackett .
Maybe you should talk to the brother , Peter . Seeing he used to spent a lot of time over there . You know what ?
You heard me . Shoot yourself in the head . Might as well get it over with now .
Or maybe you wan na tell me you made your money peddling cologne on ESPN ? I got a trust fund . - From your rich family up in the Bronx ?
Dobbs . I need you to get it . It 's our only way out of here .
No , Jimmy . Where 'd you get the supplies ? You ai n't getting no money from me , so where are you getting it , Jimmy ?
And then when the cops arrive we tell them that Ty died saving our lives . - That he died a hero . - That 'll work .
Be cool . All right , what are you going to do to me ? Oh , no , it 's going to be red , okay ?
No . Back in the day that man used this place for mind-numbing , clothing-optional , weeklong orgies , okay ? Do you know Dean Martin slept in that bathroom ?
PAUL : Oh , we should practice that , should n't we ? [ KNOCKING ON DOOR ]
Let 's go . Three million dollars in Swiss accounts per our agreement . You know , in my country , the police say '' Gracias '' after being paid off .
Shallow ? Honey , he spends every Christmas alone at the Knicks game . Yeah , he is all surface .
Guys that I thought I could fix . Probably has something to do with my dad . - Probably .
`` I 'm going to keep it forever . '' - I do n't think I said that . Did you edit this ?
Consider yourself deputized . I wo n't let you down . Ok , ok .
You ca n't split up . You are to spend the rest of your lives together . - You 're going to be miserable without her .
No . Do you want to hear my offer ? You clear out now , and I wo n't fill your ass full of buckshot .
These are the tissues they used to dry those tears . And these are the chocolates you sent . [ LAUGHING ]
I have a violent fugitive making a run for the Mexican border . Now there 's a small chance that he might try to cross at Sommerton . It 's unlikely that he may be comin ' your way , but I 'm going to send over a SWAT team from El Centro just in case .
Serge , this is my brother , Connor . Connor , this is the serge . He was ordained right after the war .
Well , that explains it . Scan these to Mike right away . I am a touch busy , if you could take care of those calls , I 'd appreciate it .
I 've got the cake and childcare . Brad , some shiatsu for Sandra , please ? Let 's see some happy faces .
Ok , so the way I see it , we got a busted window . All right , it looks like a burglary gone bad to me . I think what Parsons did , he came in , and he surprized them maybe .
Thanks . But I 'm sure you did n't come all the way over here to just tell me that . I need to make a move .
Why is he dressed that way . Why are you dressed like that ? He 's wondering why are you dressed like this .
Mm . What happened to you last night ? Because yesterday , you were just your usual handsome , awful self .
No , come on . Wayne loved a good party . Party , yes .
That 's your decision . You do n't want to take the silver ? Better take the lead .
What about the military ? It takes a presidential order . We 're not going to get that in the next 45 minutes .
Let 's go . I mean , you can handle her too , Ray . And you too , Frank .
1167 , What happened ? I need back-up and air support . Medic !
# Are n't you amazed # # # Everything you thought you had to be # # goes up in flames # # Is n't she enlightening # #
A lot of people have said that . Cortez has a way of proving them wrong . I need you to be alert .
It 's on the house . Just hope it might cheer you up . You have a few minutes , so ... or I could pack it up to go for you .
Bannister . Are you having a nice day ? It 's gon na be .
I 'm saving up . How much do you make a night ? What 's it to you ?
Let 's fill her up , save these yahoos and get out of here . King 1-2 , we have visual . Air Force rescue 2-3-1 , you 've got a wet hose .
No , this city just has a way of crushing your dreams pretty fast . Well , what about your parents . Were they for it ?
We 're running on fumes . King 1-2 , this is n't gon na work . This is not our night .
You said you wanted to be flawless . With this- this money , you can make that life- that part of your life- perfect . Give me the gun .
They say swordboatmen suffer from a lack of dreams . That 's what begets their courage . Well , we 'll dream for you Billy Bobby and Murph Bugsy Sully and Alfred Pierre .
In the back of my car , there 's a backpack . I want you to open it . I want you to look inside .
Come on , board it up ! Tell those guys forget it . We 'll get our gas somewhere else .
No , sorry , I'm- I 'm full . I have to say , you look really good this morning . Thanks .
She was wearing a red dress with-with these all on it . I could-I could pay you for your time if you help me find her . Well , I ai n't seen her all night , but if they found her dead , I would n't be surprised .
She 'll start feeding off both the Canadian cold front and Hurricane Grace . You could be a meteorologist all your life and never see something like this . It would be a disaster of epic proportions .
I loved her more than anything . I 'll never forget the day that I first laid eyes upon her . Her smile was beautiful .
Tell me- We 're talking about my son . We 're talking about my son .
Money . It 's always about the money . Well , I got a divorce lawyer , a mountain of debt .
We 're coming in hot . People , slight change of plans ! We 're gon na drop you on the Coast Guard cutter Tamaroa .
No , I ca n't . We barely even know each other . Listen .
You 're a trained professional . You are supposed to help people , and my son needs help . He needs your help .
Next time I should break a leg . Then you can stay home and collect disability . Think of all those handicapped parking spaces .
Dash into shore , cut across shipping lanes ... This is a hurricane coming straight at us ! Let me reduce sails , Sandy , or even go back home .
You do n't think I have the money ? Well , I will work every day of my life . It 's not the money .
Put me alongside them . I want five men on that net . And get the light out there .
Let me show you . Let me show the kids . Hey .
We 'll ride this thing out . Not for fun , for safety . Do what I 've always done :
You 'll never have to worry about that . I 'll do whatever I have to do . I 'll tear up the papers .
Pam . Tell Bernie I need two graphics : Bermuda and Sable Island .
This hat is like ... Like the line of a woman 's hip . - Okay .
`` O world , I can not hold thee close enough ! Thy winds , they wide grey skies ! Thy mists , that roll and rise ! ''
The Flemish Cap is nearly off the charts . What are you trying to prove ? We got gale-force coming out of Bermuda , stuff out of Sable Island .
And they ca n't do anything for her ? No , her doctor says when it 's hopeless at the end surgery could be an option . Heroic surgery , she calls it .
Buy you a drink ? Seeing as I got two in front of me , I do n't think so . I 'm not very observant , am I ?
The fish will gather again for the Andrea Gail when we come back . This is gon na be the turnaround of all time . Textbook .
That 's altogether possible . - My friends definitely like me more . - What 's your point ?
Do you know how much I love you ? I loved you the moment I saw you . I love you now and I 'll love you forever .
Peter , my husband thought it was pointless . But , as it turns out , I 'm pregnant ... just a few months . - Lisa !
Well , let 's just say Jamie had a falling out with management . I thought you were in real estate . I am looking for other opportunities .
He 's got toddlers taking Prozac . He 's got dogs taking Prozac . He 'd have rocks taking Prozac if they paid cash .
No , we talked about that ! You do not want to die ! You want to live !
Yeah . All those years I was so jealous of you for having empty sex , and now I was the one having the empty sex , and I realized in that moment that if I had n't experienced it , I would n't have known how much I did n't want it .
The Devil . He 's on the phone with Watson . You can go on back .
But it 's risky . So risky that Charlotte has ... signed a directive forbidding it , or any other form ... of heroic intervention . All right .
Hold on one second ! I can do a better apology ! 'Cause I want to know .
It made her day . It made her feel really good . - So , it was out of compassion , right ?
He was ... Said he was in love with me . Which was , you know , a problem .
On her body parts ! Does video make everything look bigger ? Because I did n't think her tits were that big .
What , and miss the opportunity of insulting me ? Oh , you like being insulted ? Hold on a second .
a long time ago . You must have been about twelve . You had a horse .
You 've got a visitor . She 's been waiting almost an hour . Lisa !
He 's a well respected man about town Doing the best things so conservatively And his mother goes to meetings
If you had n't been on that magazine ... I might not have recognized you . I only have one photograph and it 's ancient .
Those two women , I know both of them . Which one do you want to take home ? You 're a superstar .
Can I pay by check ? Sam , remember I told you that the pharmacies only take cash ? Maggie !
`` D. '' There are n't any other kids here but the swimming pool 's fun and there 's satellite TV . Mom , are you there ?
He did n't . The killer did , using his account . When Agent Griffin Dowd 's investigation revealed why this deceased college student was chosen to promote the Kill With Me site , it cost him his life .
I 've helped more patients than you ever will . Can I pour this drink on your head ? What is wrong with getting rich ?
So when someone fucks with my Prozac , it upsets me . You know what people say about me ? You 're in the top ten nationally ?
Yeah , yeah , yeah . First they thought it was essential tremor , then Wilson 's disease , then Huntington 's . Then , they tested for MAS , PSP , syphilis .
Left me here to weep and moan Corner of Wiltern and Wetherly . Tumbler messed up .
If you get the dose right , you save a life . Wrong , you 've got a hemophiliac . So the more people who visit the site , the more the drug is released and the faster he bleeds .
These days I 'm all about second chances . So , uh , let 's make a few phone calls and we 'll go from there , okay ? Okay .
Unusual name . Well , it was n't up to me . So you really think I killed that guy ?
You made a mistake picking a kid to do your dirty work . Made an even bigger mistake picking my kid brother . And now you just made the biggest mistake tryin ' to kill me .
This is KMZR , 108.9 FM , Portland . And on the Web at mzrnews.org . First , the weather . The hurricane system that has poured 3 inches of rain on western Portland in the past 24 hours has finally let up .
Why kill these particular people ? And why is he killing them on the Internet ? My guess , none of it 's random .
Find him , Atley . - Well , what if I ca n't fînd him ? Then big brother takes the fall for the slip-up .
He 's real bad . And this Calitri is the one who 's after my brother ? Like stains on a mattress .
We passed out photos of the basement to some local contractors . They say , judging from the timbers , the house was built in the ' 20s or ' 30s . Which narrows it down to , you know , half the city .
Check this out . Laser-encoded keys ... that send a message to a receiver inside the car . You want to tell me what you 're ...
`` Subject '' ? Are we in science class ? - What would you prefer ?
Annie thought she 'd downloaded a game from one of her friends . It had a backdoor Trojan . It got him all the way into my wireless network .
And they sold quickly . Kids were home from school . Parents were outraged .
I want you to know I did follow up with the NSA . As far as using their supercomputer goes , unfortunately the answer 's no . - Why not ?
Raines ! Yeah , bring me two more . - Where 's , uh ...
We think that box regulates the fluid going into the victim . Those cables are probably connected to our guy 's computer . Look , his nose is starting to bleed and he 's bruising .
Good brakes too . / ' ve sti// got your face Painted on my heart
He 's David Williams . He used to be a reporter for Channel 12 . He now hosts a TV show on public access .
Bring Sa// y up And bring Sa// y down Let 's done start Got ta ti// the ground
The killer did , using his account . When Agent Griffin Dowd 's investigation revealed why this deceased college student was chosen to promote the Kill With Me site , it cost him his life . This is James Reilly .
She says he was contacted about the trains through the public TV website . I guess in his bio , he mentions he 's a collector . That was about a week ago .
Oh , you 're busy . I 'll come back a little later . We have to stop meeting like this .
Uh-uh . They 're too smart for that . They 'll just dump the cars .
`` Layman , '' it 's just a phrase . I just mean you 're not a fashion expert . Oh , so I have bad style ?
Oh , so she 's having the baby right now ? - I guess I better get to the hospital then , huh ? - He 's having a baby .
Even got a little action . I did n't have to do anything . It 's kind of like us right now .
But a guy I know once told me that if you like somebody , you should just be straight-up with them and tell them that you 're into them . So I guess that 's kind of what I 'm doing . Wait , you 're into me ?
And that 's my mom . Three years ago my dad left her , and she did not handle it well . But one night divine inspiration struck .
I think I felt it poking out my butthole . So far down my throat . Are you giving me kissing advice ?
I 'd like to not talk . Well , I know just the place . You see why I need that scholarship ?
Game on . Wow , I had no idea guys like you even thought about this kind of stuff . Well , that 's because you 're racist against jocks .
I think we got ta deal with this in a way that 's private and sensitive . Yes , yes , we do not negotiate with terrorists . That is the opposite of what I just said .
We got zero fingerprints , zero hair . This guy 's good , really good . We 've never seen this level of expertise before .
Right . I think this is the first time that you and I have ever really talked . It 's kind of nice .
Look , do n't you think you 're overreacting just a little bit ? Have you not seen Dateline ? Catfish ?
No . [ chatter over radio ] [ computer chirps ] [ keyboard clicking ]
I love your eyes , they 're so ... - Just make that go away . - Toby ...
I will make sure you pass science if you help me with this . I mean , you got the easy part . You could pass science in your sleep .
Whoa , Bianca , what the hell is this ? Kind of looks like a penis , only smaller . Wes ?
Oh , shit . Yeah , that 's the symbol I told you about . I already got Jamie on it .
Holy Christ . Get forensics here right away . Jesus .
It was all so easy for Wes . Look , I 'm no wine expert , but I 'm pretty sure you mix red and white , you get rose . - He could talk to anyone .
Stay back . - Everybody 's disgusted with the smell . - Stay back .
I got a pop-up message this morning on my computer . Photographs of this woman tortured , burned . I think she might be dead .
And he knows that . And I 'll tell you something , detective . He 's gon na catch you , and he 's gon na catch you way before you ever catch him .
It 's barcode . Yeah , I kind of got that far myself . Can you look it up ?
He just dropped these off while I was in the library . We just tracked the same thing a few hours ago , the same book , in fact . Yeah , but the real clue is more where they came from , not what 's in them .
Vincent was best known for his role in the highly publicized Wilshire Barrett case . That case involved alleged sexual abuse in several state-run correctional facilities throughout the county . [ soft thump ]
And how will we get it ? By standing outside the dean 's office -- You guys suck :
It 's supposed to make us feel proud , but I just feel guilty and stupid ! So you can have your skirt and your spankies and your top : I 'm out of here !
Where am I ? You 're back here at 248 HQB . How 'd I get here ?
[ Chuckles ] Or it could be Greg : Whoo :
So , what do you guys say ? Are you ready to cheer ? Yes ?
What happens now ? Who gets the liquor mine ? The FP does .
Okay , because it was I put the time on there : Okay :
Nowhere in the bylaws that it has to be the varsity team that goes to nationals : - Why ca n't it be us ? - Well , sure :
Shit ! We should just call Tina and forfeit : Yeah , you know what :
Smith , comma , Whittier : Whittier ca n't be head cheerleader next year : She 's just a freshman :
This is my happy cheer face : That 's not a happy smile ! That 's a hate smile :
to rent rehearsal space : And , Francis , you could mount up a production of Godspell where Interesting :
No one outside this room even cares . They 've got problems of their own , like avoiding the infection themselves . Your conscience will haunt you .
I want to hear all about it . Well , I delivered my sermon . And , how did it go ?
Very well , I even had them laughing . But you know what was really amazing ? It was what happened afterwards .
Given the opportunity . - I took a calculated risk . - You 're as bad as he is .
Yes ! I mean , walking distance , seconds . - The best hotels are on the beach , Lance .
Mr Brown ? Mr Brown , it 's Mrs Goodfellow , about Clarence , it 's about your dog . You woke me .
You really think he 's behind there ? He 's lived behind walls for years . How do you know all this ?
* We will find a brighter day * As Britain approaches the end of the century , ..... we have been with the same masters now for 18 years . ( dog whimpers )
To me , to me ! That was bad luck out there Reverend . - Thank you .
He 's lived behind walls for years . No one outside his inner circle has even seen him since the IPO . If he wanted to hire an assistant , this is the way he 'd do it .
What does that mean ? Well , you 're not just some ... I 'm a bird ?
What is the question ? What is the purpose of this exam ? Would I volunteer if the only way for you to solve this was to beat it out of me ?
You have a dead man in your trunk ! No , no , he 's not in my trunk , dear . He 's in his car .
Labour 's coming home ! ( Peter Mandelson ) Tony was trying to generate a new politics , ..... a freshness in politics . He needed ways to symbolise that freshness .
What other bodies ? - Oh , you did n't know about the others . What other bodies ?
Then death . We know exactly what happens and the process takes hours , not minutes . Listen , mate , I 'll be out of this for good !
Amen . Alright , who would like a cup of tea ? - Yeah , we 'd better get going .
10 years ago a lot of healthy young people around the world got sick and started dying . You may have read about that . Then a medical researcher patented a virus suppressant .
So , we 're just discussing the options . - As I explained to Reverend Goodfellow , your pond is in the water-table . So the algae does n't only effect you , it effects the whole village .
Not necessarily . Not if our eight individual questions can only be revealed using eight different methods . Perhaps we 're not meant to cooperate at all .
Um , they 'd , they 'd , um , ... They 'd taken to Thatcher 's dream , and they 'd really gone for it . ( * Blur :
I 'm very proud of that . What do you remember of that day ? Nothing .
No . That 's the answer you wanted to the first question asked of us . The only question asked of you .
We 're looking forward to your visit , and lots planned for the whole family . So what 's new and exciting here in Little Wallop , you may ask . Holly 's got a very nice new boyfriend , and she told me to tell you , that you 'd be pleased with her choice .
Everyone involved in making those records ..... came from totally different ethnic backgrounds , you know . Jamaican , Barbadian , half-Italian for me , English . There was never a British feel to it .
In the services . - I thought you were a gambler . All soldiers are gamblers .
It 's alright , Petey , it 's alright . You just close your eyes . Keep them closed .
Why are you so interested ? Something you want to tell us ? If you 're asking '' Am I infected ? `` , White , the answer is '' No '' .
I 've got work to do . - You 've just been to work . I 've got to write a speech for that convention ,
* Yeah yeah It 's something you can tell your grandchildren . The biggest album of all time , I mean , I was there first .
Their house is smaller . - Yes , but they went around twice . I 'm late for work already .
But answer me this , brother What corporation does n't know how many positions it 's got available ? What CEO ca n't decide whether he wants one assistant or eight ?
Perhaps you 're already there with one of those girls you do n't know . Have a nice life , Lance . Before the break we were talking about murderers on parole ...
That fundamentally makes my soul a lot more purer than theirs . The strange thing about it ..... is that you were suddenly ... Blur were the , sort of , inauthentic , middle-class pop band , ..... and Oasis were the real , gritty , working-class heroes .
There is one question ! You 're calling him a liar ? When you 've eliminated the impossible , whatever 's left has to be the truth .
( James Brown ) That was Damon 's accurate line of the ' 90s . There was a blizzard going on . It just became the accessory .
You did n't wan na know anymore ? - The deal was no questions asked . Anyone would 've done the same in our position ...
That was your lover ? - Now , you 've got to understand , Holly , your mother 's been very unhappy , and lonely . Well , you know , your father , well , he 's a busy man , and along comes this handsome American ... with his accent and his swing , not the type I would approve of at all .
They wan na know too . Further denials will only waste time . Confess and I 'll release you .
* He jumped on your bones * Now you 're taking it time after time * Oh , it turns you on
* Maybe I just do n't believe * Maybe you 're the same as me * We see things they 'll never see
Well ? You said there 's one answer and you 're looking at him ! I 've done everything !
It 's the only way you 're gon na see 30 , mate . Now , I 've got a strong case , ready to go , but your testimony will make it watertight . Everyone 'll go down .
It 's not a choice that 's made for you . You do n't leave school and go ... ( upper-class ) '' It 's important that I 'm working-class . '' That 's just the way that I was born .
Give me a call on this number if you want a bit of cash for some driving . I really appreciate that , Ed . I 'm just not looking to get into anything dodgy right now .
Proving my worth . You may have run out of ideas , but I have n't . - Do n't even try talking to him .
Damon cut out a load of shots , which was really bad , ..... cos he did n't wan na alienate his female fans . I had , er , Jo Guest , in a nurse 's uniform , ..... running on the spot , with big in-and-out cleavage shots . In a way , for me , that kinda made it .
The man himself . Well , well , well , well , well . - Hello , mate .
And I 'm about to do a Webcast slagging it all off . [ Stammering ] But ... but none of us are novelists . I think that might be an advantage .
I 'm not quite sure what point there is discussing this with you . I need to talk to Lily . Then why did you storm off ?
Was this a conscious decision ? Four authors wrote this book . Or , rather I had four voices in my head .
Of course I 've been told not to reorder until the last barrel 's been tapped . It 's a cash flow thing .
He 's very hurt . He wants to take it upstairs . What are you ...
Well , at least now that you 're retired , you can lie low . I had lady Fermley-Cadwaller asking me for my autograph today on the basis that I vaguely know Zoe . Autograph ... ?
But you 're not ... Has mommy been filling you in ? They were looking for some tips about university applications , darling .
We just had a delivery . It 's selling awfully well , you know . I 'm sorry , I did n't mean to insult you , it 's just that having read your portrait , I do n't understand why you 'd want something that is so badly written , quite apart from its content .
You want a bite ? I 'm here for my daughter . Lily ?
[ Grunts ] I wo n't be a minute . Hey , you take your time .
He 's just getting a bit pissy about it . Just need somebody to get it . OK , that 's fantastic .
I think you should spend the day here . Spend the night , if you like . - Are you joking ?
Ralph . I knew she was bad news . What ?
[ Chuckles ] I suppose I better , then . [ Laughing ]
Or memory sticks . Nobody must know about this . Thank you .
Sorry about that . I slept with Malcolm last night and Eva was n't happy . It 's been resolved .
Get to it . There 's nothing to worry about , David , that is as long as your questions - are properly organized .
It 's a wild track , literally . A tribe of bonobos in Congo . - And they 're ...
No one even asked for you . No one wrote you a letter . Do n't you have family ?
Who said it was for her granddaughter , when she was clearly lying . Ca n't argue with your figures , darling . Nope , but I can argue with its complete lack of literary merit .
Two rules so basic I failed to mention them on account of them being so fucking obvious . You also do n't dance down the street singing , `` I 've just withdrawn a load of money from a cloned credit card . ''
Well , apparently , it had a great first weekend , whatever that means , and then the public decided it was drivel . So , no money , and no follow-up book deal . But get this into your thick heads .
I read all about it . How they smear fruit over each other , and ... Did they make you participate ?
Every week I 've got two million quid . Every week , in my hands . So if you 're serious about going , what I 'm saying to you is let 's pick the moment .
At school he found where the dinner ladies threw away the old meal tickets and then sold them back to the other kids at half price . Now he 'd found a different kind of meal ticket . This was serious money , and as time went on , we became better mates than we 'd ever been back in the old days .
Bye . Well , I think it 's a shame . Surely they could have called you .
Why would you think that would be funny ? Stop acting like a pregnant woman . But I am .
Oh , that 's a good idea . You ought to ask me . No way .
It 's bullshit , of course . But you can see where they get the idea . [ Gasps ] Try it .
And I 'll get back to you when i ... [ beeps ] [ Woman ] So many people feel they have to live their lives by a set of boring old conventions . Here at bonobo house , we do n't .
Mate , I want you to think of the last few months as a warm-up . - A trial for the real job . - Yeah , go on .
Nope , but I can argue with its complete lack of literary merit . Which , of course , I concede . And I can argue in its depiction of all women as needing dominated .
She writes them . She 's a character in them . It 's her world , and it 's her private place ,
And if you 're very good , I 'll bring you a chocolate digestive with your morning tea . Oh , by the way , Zoe 's coming to stay tomorrow .
God bless that place . The accommodation was more than worthy of my royal self . your own bed .
And the screenplay is already underway . Director 's been booked , and they start casting next week . What do I do ?
You definitely think too much . You think the fun out of things . I mean , I -- I 'm a lifeguard ,
Rule number 1 : You do as you 're told . Rule number 2 ?
♪ With immaculate care ♪ ♪ Such a lot rests upon it ♪ ♪ My life upon a song ♪
It 's not easy . Many women and men have lived empty , wasted lives in attics trying to write classic pop songs .
♪ Dreamer , though you are ♪ ♪ It is you that 's been my signpost ♪ ♪ So far ♪
Then he goes home , and finds God . Goes off to live with a tribe in Balochistan , region of Pakistan . A spiritual pilgrimage to the birth place of Ramzi Yousef .
Again ... block . If you have absolutely no interest whatsoever in yourself then you leave us at a bit of a loss with regards of what to do with you . What would you like us to do ?
♪ Shuffle to the left ♪ ♪ I kick the boy behind to make a little room ♪ ♪ Boogie to the right ♪
Have you seen what time it is ? - I do n't care what time it is ! - How long have you been outside ?
I mean , it 's not like you tell me anything . Okay , I should leave you to get some rest . No-no-no-no , do n't go , please .
I mean some proper army shit , you feel me ? He 'd be more dangerous than these liquer out here . - You seeing this ?
♪ ♪ With the look in your eye ♪ ♪ That I love ♪
Where 's my bed ? No , not this one the other one , that I had when I was a child . I could n't keep everything Michael we do n't have the room .
♪ She 's got me started yawning ♪ I want a story with a happy ending . ♪
♪ ♪ Please release me ♪ ♪ let me go ♪ ♪ ' Cause I do n't love you
♪ We would 've had a lot to talk about ♪ ♪ We had a deal then ♪ ♪ We nearly signed it with our blood ♪
Listen ... nursie . I just want to know when my trial is . And when I head back to the slammer .
You need someone else to play guitar , not you . You need to record with proper equipment . You know , your words are depressing and self-centered .
Was n't bad bad . And I still had my principles . I took the first job I could get my hands on .
Every parasite adapts to its host and evolves . It 's only a question of time . Why her ?
That 's right ... I 'll show you your room and then we 'll have a nice cup of tea . Come on son ...
♪ He goes to church every day ♪ ♪ He 's trying to forget ♪ ♪ Every day he chips away a little rock on his shoulder ♪
When do I go back ? Now now Mr. Peterson , we are n't going to start up all that silliness again , are we ? Listen ... nursie .
♪ Excuse me for one minute . ♪
Except , in the dream , I saved the rest of us . I mean , the grenade still done explode when it hits him ... still kills him , no ? How is that even possible ?
Anthony . He seems to have taken it better than you . But he has n't .
When and how are they being brought in ? They 're being brought in by an ex-KLA gangster ... Kosov .
Who 's this , your new bitch ? Noel Winters , I 'm arresting you on suspicion of murder ... I do n't know what you 're talking about !
Are n't I a fantastic cook , Damian ? The size of that school bag . You 'll give yourselvesa hernia , is that all homework ?
Bullshit . - Is the gun really necessary ? Where is she ?
Open the door , mate . Move that table , I want to put him in the corner . That 's it .
The witness proved unreliable , sir . Claims not to have seen anything . Pity .
Anyway ... like your man Bush said : `` Either you 're with us '' ...
And , can I just say on a personal note , Martin , that type of wild speculation undermines the work of the police force and ultimately does a disservice to members of the public who support it . Now , as I made clear many months ago we operate and apply a zero-tolerance policy with reference to criminal activity involving firearms and the distribution of drugs . Most important , the findings suggest that crime on the estate has declined by almost 30 % .
One step at a time , eh ? Any chance of a bit of toast ? You do that , I 'll have a look around .
We put a little ... Wait , it 's coming round now . Cambridge , here we come !
No ... no we ca n't do that . They were going to burn it . Now come on , it is n't the money 's fault it got stolen .
Anthony thought there were no poor people round here . Because of the house prices . Well they 're not from round here .
Is that what I think it is ? I hope so , otherwise it would have been a wasted journey . Um , you open it .
No one is smiling down on us Damian . No one is is looking out for us . So we 're looking out for ourselves .
You might as well not be here . The vertices of a regular 72-gon . The vertices of a regular 72-gon are each coloured red , green or blue in equal amounts .
I do n't think they had Addidas in the first century . Far away to the East , three wise men saw a star . Thanks girls .
And red if you 've left the gas on at home or something and you need to leave . The six of you who score highest will represent Team UK , no '' ifs '' , no '' buts '' . You may begin .
Have a ball ! You do realise , you just kissed goodbye to the money . Come on let 's get cracking .
Everything 's different and everyone 's cleverer than me . Look , Nathan , it 's your first night away and ... And first nights away are always really , really shit .
Was it ? He told me he talked to the police and what did you lot do ? Nothing .
The train was here . The train , the one with the money , Used notes .
We 're just gon na start things early . It 's nothing to be frightened about . Do n't run in the corridor .
Fifty quid ? You could buy a proper football team for that . I could buy Crewe Alexander for that .
It 's all right . - Sorry , are you a bit stiff ? - No , what ?
She just wants more money . - We have n't got any more . - No I fancy pizza actually .
Did you ever kill anyone ? You ca n't ask me that , Len . I 'm sorry , I should n't have said anything .
Yep . - Can I have a quick word ? - Yeah .
So , as you know , we 're going to have new money in the New Year . Does anybody know how much a euro is worth in pounds ? Yes .
Told you it was York . Jim , I 'm so sorry the answer is York . We 're supposed to go to bed when this is finished .
No , it 's not . Those people were fighting for something . For a cause .
Are n't you ... Are n't you worried about the exam ? Well , it is good to have a break .
No , Tm afraid it was n't Mr Humphreys ' body that failed him , it was his character . He just could n't stay with it . # If you must wait
There 's something you want to tell me , is n't there ? Something you 've never been able to tell anyone before ? Like what ?
So they get disease . You do n't need fancy hospitals or medicines to make life better , just a well . And you ... can build a well for as little as one hundred pounds .
# Five , six , pick up your sticks # Seven , eight , lay them straight # One , two .
And if we did buy property , that 'll go up in value . So we 'd have even more money . Damian ?
You write to point of view ? Someone has to stand up for Greek actors . Do you want me to beat him up for you ?
Go on , then . Oh , my God , that is absolutely disgusting . Boom !
I think they 're shit . But as long as people are stupid enough to pay for them , it 's all good with me . My work represents a positive affirmation of what it is to be gay in the 21st century .
We should ask the others to suggest a variety of trigonometric identities to simplify the expressions , which could include , say , coversine or possibly covercosine or versine or excosecant and so on . Luke , we 're trying to think of fun questions for each other , we 're not trying to prove how many trigonometric identities we know . Well , then I really do n't see the point .
I have Arab friends . I know what the language sounds like . Heard him speaking it on the phone .
Those files are nonsense you made up . No one will believe it . They might ... if you buckle under the pressure of the story .
Where is this going ? Do you think I really did sleep with him ? No .
Oh , my God. `` Say , '' No , no , it 's resting . '' - What ?
I do n't know when . I 'll let you know when I know . Hey , one minute .
I wish China was more like here . In China we have to succeed for the family . Especially for Uncle Deng .
* When I ... What about the Victorian fire tongs ? Are they going to set the auction ablaze ?
Look , I have to go . I 'm really late for something , but ... Really nice to see you again .
Because we did have very high hopes for you and Paul , and I seem to remember him saying that he was really quite smitten . I do n't think my requirements were that demanding . That of course is entirely your opinion , but we feel that he did fulfill all your specifications .
Oh , Nathan , darling . - Well , that 's good news , is n't it ? - Oh , my gosh !
Coming up , lots of new music and a few other surprises in store ! It 's nine minutes past eight ... Time for some music .
No , he was all right . Are you going to take him on permanently ? No .
Okay , yeah . Why do n't you walk properly ? That 's very direct of you .
It was crazy and I heard screams . People like , kind of injured , and their clothes were all , like ... Everyone was just covered in dust .
Do you you 're confusing being gay with wanting to be famous ? You felt different , and you 're confusing the 2 . It 's not about being famous .
What do I do with her ? Does it bring back memories , Joseph ? - All right , Sam ?
Did n't stop . They 're not going to stop . And neither will I .
Take care . Well , you completely blew that . As you can see , I 'm completely over him .
In fact , I 've got it on me just now . Could be in my shoe . Might go off at any minute .
I do n't want to be like that again . And you need someone like me . Someone ...
* One thing you should know about me * Sometimes the night blows all the way through me * And it puts out the light inside me
Circuits ? I 've been down Holborn , Chancery Lane , Oxford Street . - Two hours .
They want me to sign for another 2 years , but it 's too long . I would n't be able to do anything else , and there 's talk of a couple of films in the pipeline . That 's great .
Go back to your wife . If you need help , you can always find me . We stick together , all of us .
Very , very well . You want to do more , yes ? What have you got in mind ?
This is my Alex , my best friend . He wanted to be an actor . He 'd been with Harry for a year .
He has served in secret prisons all over the Middle East , killing and torturing people we know , you know , people close to us . He 's not in the services any more , you know , he 's ... bought a farm . Stables , you know , he wants the quiet life .
Nothing . I know it 's difficult for you . I 'm just saying that maybe if you involve me more .
He put things inside me . He put glass inside me . I wanted to have babies .
Mujeeb Ajmed . Pakistani parents , 23 years old , UK citizen . At the precise moment he was signing on , squatting in the flat .
Everybody said so . Has the company changed hands recently ? Oh , yes .
♪ So be easy and free ♪ When you 're drinking with me I 'm a man you do n't meet every day ♪
She 's very protective of you , is n't she ? Ca n't imagine Barnaby taking up arms in defense of my honor . She means well , but she goes too far .
How did she die ? If it 's all right to ask . Sorry , I 'm prying
Mary Tremlett was there Saturday night . Do n't care where she was Saturday night . She was fit and well Sunday morning .
Waiting for my mum . Has she gone out and left you out here ? No .
In the event , the opportunity never arose . You could n't inveigle Mary Tremlett to join your subterfuge ? On the contrary , she was all for it .
♪ Yeah , we sing ♪ Sing all our cares away ♪ Yeah , we 'll live
Droitwich . We had a stock take Sunday , see . Freeman , Hardy Willis .
It 's not just you they 've offended . They have also offended me . The way they fucking leer at you .
Are we going to give Jack a proper send-off or what ? ♪ Hey , Jack , who ran away ♪ We miss you , we want you back
Tea 's at 6 : 30 as a rule , but can do you a boiled egg . Oh , that 's very kind of you , Mrs. Crabbin , but I 'll ... I 'll get something out .
She did have . She was a good woman . She 's dead , is she ?
We 're bound by procedure . In this situation , we can not afford those constraints . This is off-reservation .
Go on , get . You went to see Teddy Samuels . Yes , he 's ...
I 've got to go . Would you do me a favour ? I pray , Father , God , that you take this man 's soul into your hands , and be at his side .
Girl , you 're trying way too hard . Like , why you going anyway ? Do you really think these rich white people are gon na give you money ?
You did know her , though ? Miles brought her to a drinks party . She seemed very personable .
Are they winning ? He murdered his wife and babies , Dr. Hill . Those facts will win .
So she 's off the team or I 'm finished . Is that what you 're saying ? We 're not saying anything .
So what happened ? Come Wednesday , it was still on the mantelpiece . And was about to run it into town myself when one of Rowan 's students knocked on the door .
Fear of its repetition . That affects sleep , appetite , digestion , reflexes . All bodily functions .
The place that grew up was a Grey , unfeeling nothing . Then , one day heard your voice . And ... and knew for the first time that there was ... beauty in the world .
Got PTSD ? Well , actually , I probably have . But this is n't about me .
How about we just start again ? I did n't come here to make friends . - Okay ?
You have as much right to be here as they do . Now you go and show them that . Go on .
But I 'm still curious . What do you make of Darius ? Wait for my report .
When 's it usually delivered , the Saturday grid ? First post Wednesday , as a rule . We go to press Thursday .
It 's just we 're interested in anyone she may have known through him . Did she ever go to Wolvercote , so far as you know ? Oh .
Did you tire of her just as quickly , once the shine was off it ? Or was your wife getting suspicious ? Rosalind had no idea .
There 's no doubt , reasonable or unreasonable . - Do you think he did n't do it ? - I do n't know .
This is the first semi-final of the women 's 4 X 100 metre relay , and the big news is that Shania Andrews has come in as a late replacement for the injured Trix Warren . Now that means that Belle Newman moves up to the first leg , Sarah Playaga then Andrews , then Temple .
Thank you . This place is n't all that bad , you know . You just got to give some of us a chance .
What 's happening , Mom ? It 's just a power outage . Have you seen my cellphone ?
All you have to do is run together for less than a minute . Listen , girl , if there 's one person you do not say '' no '' to , it 's a cripple that has just blown her last shot at her dream . What , you think I 'm guilt tripping you ?
Hey , hey , hey , hey , hey ! - I 'm just saying Sarah 's faster . Not on race day , ladies , please .
After his mom passed , Amare joined the Army with Darius . And when the war started , they even fought together . Your son was wounded .
What , you 're in and out of the toilet like four times in ten minutes ? - I was n't calling you stupid . - No ?
Sorry , how you feeling ? I 'm just glad it 's over . What about the relay ?
Court is adjourned . I do n't know nothing about it . Loren 's dead , Darius .
Belle , come . - We 're still waiting for that name . - Yeah , Lisa .
Brian , they 'll fund you and everything . Look , I promised that I 'd help you get in the door and I have . What ?
No . I joked about the last one . Anyway ...
I 've spoken to the DA . I n the interest of the abiding friendship between our two great nations , we 're releasing you without charge . You know I was set up .
Yeah ! There 's some more sisters up in here . I know what this one wants .
♪ They do n't want you to progress That 's why they test ♪ Try to knock you to the ground ♪ You pick yourself up That 's when they knock you back down
♪ For such a while ♪ I just do n't know ♪ That the path I take
Lisa 's lucky she 's got you . It 's a lot different from up here , is n't it ? - This seat free ?
Throw the weapon down , son . Put the gun down , Dariusl Do n't be a fool , now .
Look at the interrogation tapes . Third , tomorrow , interview Mr. Darius Grady . I ca n't tell you how grateful we are you agreed to come and testify .
Fucking Marcel ! - Chris , it could n't have been Marcel . How the fuck do you know if it was Marcel or not ?
If I tell you to do something , fucking do it . Exactly what I tell you to do . Do n't try and use your initiative'cause you ai n't fucking got any .
♪ The gentle accent moves me forward ♪ ♪ With secrets that I know are true ♪ ♪ We are ♪
Funny cunt ! - Do you want a drink ? - What do you think of that over there ?
Wait , hold up , we had a fucking agreement . You ca n't just go and -- Do n't be telling me what I can and ca n't do , you understand ?
♪ Rap my fam ' til the day I die ♪ ♪ See me on the streets and I 'll get ... ♪ ♪ We are ♪
I got just the thing for you . ♪ They 're playing '' Follow the Leader '' ♪ ♪ Do n't listen to those lies ♪
Yeah ? We 'll just leave now and you can pay me back . You can have a grand for me by tomorrow , yeah ?
You want to take your hands off me ? And , Detective , you want to tell me where you 're taking my client ? - Done something to your hair , Sal ?
Fuck him . Send Mr. Barber back to the custody suite . You halting the interview ?
: D tell him how to get there what you made them a cup ?
Happy days are here again . I do n't see you that much anymore . And I do n't understand why you do n't return my phone calls .
♪ So they dragged you under ♪ ♪ And it says you ought to lay down ♪ Oh , my goodness gracious .
The man I want . But I live in the real world , Mickey , and you have to make your own happy ending . What did you expect ?
Joanne Do you want something to eat Joanne ? You 're gon na pay for it ?
However ... when one man leaves , another steps into his place . I know who I think that person should be ... the man to replace me . And I have made my feelings clear to the board of directors .
nothing why ? you 've got ta call it something all right , i 'll call it 4 quid 80 i told you , i 'd get it yeah you did mine 's called Sarah that 's my Mum 's name Hello Kelly , my name 's Sarah you 're not gon na name my sister ?
The club I 've supported all my life . Well , I 'm sure we all admire your loyalty . I did n't come to be lectured by some cocky little twat from the North East .
History 's fucking afterthought ! Boos here at Elland Road for manager Brian Clough ... which I 'm sure wo n't worry him . Also boos for John McGovern .
OH , COME ON , IT 'S BEEN YOUR BIRTHDAY IN BANGKOK FOR HOURS . WELL , IF YOU WOULD N'T MIND , I WOULD LIKE TO PROPOSE A TOAST . FIRSTLY , I 'D LIKE TO THANK TIM FOR INVITING US ALL HERE .
There 's a good lad . Leave the running of this football club to the professionals . Well , professionals do n't run the football club , Brian .
NO . I DO N'T NEED TO SEE THEM . I KNOW THEY 'RE THERE .
I 'M NOT GOING ANYWHERE WITHOUT THIS . WHATEVER 'S HAPPENING COULD HAPPEN TO ANY ONE OF US . WHERE THE HELL IS THE BASTARD ?
DO N'T LEAVE ME , ANDY . I 'M NOT GOING TO LEAVE YOU , NO WAY . YOU 'RE COMING WITH ME , WHERE IT 'S SAFE .
It 's not over yet , Pete . Lawyers are issuing a writ tomorrow against Longson . The players have called a meeting .
OR PARIS , OR L.A. COME ON , ARE YOU READY TO GET OUT ? - I GOT TA GO CHANGE .
YOU BASTARD . YOU CHOSE MY LIFE OVER THEIRS BECAUSE OF MY BLOOD , THEIR LIVES BECAUSE OF THEIR BLOOD .
HE 'S SWEET TO YOU BECAUSE YOU 'RE A PRETTY GIRL , AND HE WANTS ME TO MARRY YOU . THAT 'S NOT TRUE .
IT COULD BE BOTH OF THEM , WE DO N'T KNOW . WE DO N'T KNOW ANYTHING ANYMORE . IT 'S THE DICE UNDER THE CUP .
But it might be important . Come on , eat your carrot soup for your mother . - Hello ?
NO , THAT WAS N'T MY FAULT . I WAS ASKING WHERE I COULD GET A BITE TO EAT , NOT WHERE THE NEAREST BROTHEL WAS .
IT 'S JUST ME AND PETE . WE 'RE NOT THE ONES GOING AROUND KILLING EVERYBODY ! I DO N'T KNOW THAT .
And maybe under me ... they can experience what it 's like to be in a happy family after all . But how can you be sure they were n't happy with Don all along ? Well , they would n't have played football that way if they were happy .
PLEASE LET ME IN , THERE 'S STILL TIME . DAMIEN AND LUCY ARE DEAD . PETE , PLEASE .
GOOD NIGHT. `` DO YOU WANT ME TO GET IT ? '' SHUT UP .
WHAT MAKES YOU THINK THAT WAS N'T THE PLAN ANYWAY ? MY BED IS ALWAYS OPEN TO YOU , TOM . AT LEAST YOU 'RE NOT SHARING A ROOM WITH ANDY .
Cut her face and everything . I phoned the ambulance and we got it all in , sorted it out . ( Lorraine ) Back then as a child , I knew she drank a lot .
To dismiss the referee 's authority in such a manner ... can not be good for the game . So the Cup winners ... beat the League champions . William Bremner ... your conduct in the Charity Shield match was deplorable ... and can not be tolerated .
In fact I can honestly say , the best time of my life were that sentence , where it was easy . It 's just nice , no worries , no freedom , no abuse . Erm , being cared for .
Billy Bremner ? Is it someone from Leeds ' team , Mr. Revie ? - Give us a name , Mr. Revie .
But it 's , like , I stuck up for her and said , '' People grieve in different ways . '' And I even went to stay with Lorraine for a night . And , er , she asked me if she could have Nicole for a week .
Will send you some more this week . '' I wish I could have gone to school . I 've never been .
The opening Saturday of the 1974 season . And our first chance to get a look at Leeds ... under their new manager , Brian Clough . - Will you be supporting Leeds today ?
I would n't be able to speak to anybody for crying . And she just walked in normal , smiling and ... It were weird .
So I said , '' The only thing I can do is move back to Buttershaw Estate , be nearer the family where they can help me . '' I was too far gone . Even with the kids , the first two , she did n't have food in the cupboards .
And Keegan 's gon na get his little bit of revenge there with a right cross . Surely , we 've got to get away from this . And Kevin Keegan , having words with the referee .
Act 2 , Scene 9 . This is a scene of the girl and Maureen in the refuge . I 'll be glad when I 've had this baby .
She 'll be greatly missed here at Summersby House . Susan , could you page Dr Jarvis , please ? Yes , of course .
( Andrea ) She 's more like me than not . I wrote more or less about my feelings . I called the play The Arbor because the street I lived on is called Brafferton Arbor .
It will have meant so much to her . - She loved you very much . - I think not , actually .
( girl 2 ) They used to have a pen thing in the middle . That were full of glass . There 'd be people having bonfires on the field .
You just sit there and take it . You just lay down and let them dump on you . You bend over and let them stick it to you
What are you lot doing here ? Just showing Kate and Julia the video of Dad . Erm ... why are n't you at school ?
I kept doing it . They said , '' The more you have it , the more effects you 'll get . '' They was n't kidding .
There 's something I want to tell Mary about us - and our future happiness and I just ... - Oh , my God .
I 've got to get away for good . I mean , if he 's hitting me really bad now , what 's he going to do to the baby ? - He would n't harm a baby .
Porsche ? Just a whore who got lucky . She knows it , do n't you , babe ?
Yeah . Think of the babies , Freddie . Think of the lovely babies .
Can I call you back ? Only I 've been speaking to Mrs Ball , who 's had a call from ... I ca n't talk now .
Be a man . You tried it on , got rumbled . End of .
For when he took over ... Well , I believe times were difficult , yes ? All credit to you .
I need to know you understand . There was too many debts . People depended on you .
What ? I got Alzheimer 's all of a sudden ? I invite you over and forget all about it ?
What about when I do this ? You know , apparently , there 's only three reasons to do anything in life . Number one is women .
So good , I do n't really want to share it . But I guess , it 's a shared joint . And those are the rules .
Yeah . it 'll be like having her thoughts round your neck , She must have been thinking about you when she brought them . OK .
And I want ' em both to have a life . So you and your sort , you stay away from me , you hear ? And if you ever come back , I 'll do you !
I 'll leave you two to erm ...... - Shut up the shop , if you like - No .
That money ai n't for you , it 's for the baby . - I spoke to the birthing center today . - I wan na speak to them .
But every now and then I have to put her in her place , do n't I ? You 've obviously been brought up well . Very nice .
Why do n't you get me a fresh drink to wash these down with ? Porsche , why do n't you get us all a round in , darling ? Sure , Eddie .
Think of the babies , Freddie . Think of the lovely babies . What ?
But you might mind . Rick , you and I have got nothing to do with each other any more . OK ?
Oh , get out . Go and get us another beer . Make yourself useful , or something !
Clacton 's straight after . Then we finish off with atrip to Southend . We stay the night , get back in town Saturday afternoon .
Watch out . A thread on the stairs . Wankers .
You know me . There you go , breakfast of champions right there . How 'd you do ?
Eventually he invites me back to his house for more drinks . It wo n't be tonight , it wo n't be tomorrow , but eventually he will . And then I 'm inside .
I did not fight . Why did your son fought ? He had a choice .
Why do we get this tool . My child needs a doctor . Also my friend Andrei .
Politicians who grab . The government is so corrupt , and you not even call it communism . The police let me alone .
Yes . I do not want to see more blood . Then close your eyes .
You must be calm . Tell me who organized the fights . Was he ?
It 's all right , William ! This is the chance for one of us to do the decent thing . You call that decent ?
Mr. Burke ! Who 's that over there with Ginny Hawkins ? - That 's Willy Burke .
Tell Ludwick and the new guys ... it goes well when they fight like you . If they fight like Sorin , keep it up . This would be the land of unlimited opportunities .
And a third ! And before you know it , the sufferings of Job are upon you ! A wart , madam .
What exactly happened to us ? I did not want war . I just want my daughter back .
Comes in for the work I do I 'll pass almost every penny on to you When I come home When I come home
Fuck me . I 'm telling you , Willy , it 'll be over in a flash . And I 'm telling you I do n't like this one bit .
A kid in the park . The government has totally lost the plot . - You do not know how bad .
So we pay you for ... protection ? Why , yes , I like that . Protection .
Not a good idea . There is someone died in Bobs car . And what good is the police ?
Never again , William . Old Joseph was the last one for me . Look , we 'll talk about it later , Willy .
In any country . I hope the Russians my daughter have . Them I can handle it .
That 's the third rotter I 've had from McTavish and his gang of grave robbers in the last three weeks . I ca n't go on like this . Is there anything I can do , doctor ?
Highly driven , Bob . - He wanted to murder me . The Romanian bank .
No , you 're right . If I win tonight , we stop the money in their own business . Agreed ?
These are not bad , but as you can see , the heliograph is the future . Did you kill these people ? !
Morning , Willy . For the love of Lord Jesus , she finally gave it up . No !
I do n't care about clothes . No , but you care about women , right ? And a fine one costs an arm and a leg , at the very least .
I warn you , do not say it wrong . My daughter is only nine . There is nobody in the club .
Fox , get your sketchbook . In all these fields , we 've moved further and faster in the last two decades than in the previous two centuries . Never before have ordinary people had so much freedom and opportunity .
' I 've heard it said that grief is like an animal , Osama . 'With a life of its own and we are at its mercy . ' I do n't know about that .
Taking what is n't yours could lead to very serious consequences . If I was you , Jasper Black , I 'd take solace in the antics of love-rat vicars , or whatever it is you write about , rather than things of which you know nothing . Otherwise , you might find yourself becoming the headline .
'Whether mother or father , 'sister or brother , 'parent or child . - Run that again for me will you , Gary ? - Is this the one I copied ?
I came because I ... I wanted to give you something . Oh ...
You stay put till Mummy gets back . What shall I bring you ? - Chocolate fingers .
Now move over . 'We soon got into a routine , me and my boy , Osama . 'Life went on just like before . '
What do you write about ? Anything from sleazy politicians to fraudulent city institutions . My name is Barry Lavis , I 'm here to inspect your VAT receipts , as authorised by the VAT act of 1968 .
Oh , he told you that , did he ? And he said , you can come in here if you 're scared tonight . Thank you , precious .
I 'm standing by in case any misfortune is befalling you . I thought you might be in trouble . The man is wearing a green polo shirt .
We were looking for your house . Is there somewhere we could talk to you ? Do you have time for ?
'Smells of chip fat , but Lenny says it 'll be a good investment one day , 'cos it 's within a stone 's throw of the City . 'Third generation of tower block dwellers , we are . 'If you 're interested , just type in chav , pikey or Ned , 'and you 'll find us in council estates all over London .
But I need to understand why this happened . There 's a man in the footage of the crowds ... and I think he 's one of the bombers . All the people in those seats are listed as '' missing , presumed dead '' .
I 'd have thought you 'd have your hands full , fighting Islamic terror . Well , even terrorists take an occasional weekend off . - So , where 's that leave you ?
'It 's had more comebacks than '' The Evil Dead '' . 'It 's been flattened by storms and flooded out and rotted with plague . 'Even Hitler could n't finish it off .
Your friend really has been doing his homework , has n't he ? If we 'd acted to stop May Day , the cell would 've realised and changed everything , their people , their places . We 'd have lost all insight into what they were planning .
Always on a hype ting . I did n't chat to my elders like that . Here you go .
Yeah . - You sure you want him dead ? - Yes , man , are you deaf ?
Nothing . Well , I thought it was him- he was on the train , I was n't . You all right ?
You shot man last night and now this . I 'm not going jail for you . I 'm not going jail for no one to call me Abigail , call me some next man 's chick .
Then he came to that party , blood , with a bat , and he killed our boy ! If you 'd have jumped in , it would n't have happened , would it ? So you have to help me !
I was two years younger and you was a cunt . I left in year 11 while you was still in sixth form . Picking on boys and trying to fuck girls in year 10 ...
Community support , bruv . I ca n't arrest no one . I 'm on 22 grand , bruv .
Just ... Sam , give me a minute . You all right , like ?
Man , chill the fuck out . It 's early in the morning and shit , man . Shit .
What ? Yeah , Reggie 's out front waiting for us , man . We got ta go kill somebody .
I mean , I would n't fuck your brother . I just would n't do that now , would I ? Right , Sabrina ?
♪ But , uh ♪ This audience is full of actors , well ♪ ♪ Wan na be actors , they ca n't act as well ♪
Hey , man , I 'm gon na run her down the street . All right , I 'll be in your refrigerator , all right ? So whose party is this ?
Uh , sure . No , for the child day care ... Well , I should say night care .
Stay up , never down . ♪ Well , she wo n't give in ♪ She wo n't crack a smile or a grin ♪
Punk ass said you snuck him in the shower . Wants to put a knife in your back . So what ?
I 'll stay here , it 's all fine . You work with my mom ? Uh , yes , I do .
You take some weak-ass kid under your wing , and you look weak too . But I 'm not asking for a favour . I got brains .
Behind these walls the sorrow is inevitable , as relentless as the passage of time . Mentalities corrupt and dark , brainwashed , and hopelessly blind . Prisons are packed with crowded spaces , lifers and guards with hollow faces .
I think I let them down by convincing myself ... I never had a choice to begin with . You 're not the first committee to sit at a table and tell me ...
I do n't understand what he 's doing , or how he 's doing this . - Can we go home now ? - What ?
When did you get in ? Like 6 : 00 this morning . I took a ride around town .
What 's up ? Can I talk to you for a second ? Yeah .
We rise and we fall . Like the heartbeat of a sleeping giant , with bittersweet dreams . Stay up , never down .
WOMAN : And you oversee the level five portion of the jail where Mr. Burns was assigned because of his history of institutional violence , correct ? Yes , ma'am , I do .
You insisted on inviting your brother . Well , you said it was about business and , uh , ( CLEARS THROAT ) he is a part of the business , so I thought he should be here . Still going to your meetings ?
I was crazy for her . But after I went down , she stopped talking . It 's tough .
I got chores to do . Do n't tell anyone what we talked about , okay ? Well this is kinda out of my price range .
Gon na rent half this place out for the summer . You know , super-cheap rent for some help with work around the farm . Clever girl .
No . I do n't think I have my wallet . WESLEY :
Come on . Let 's do this tomorrow morning . No , no , I 'm not leaving here until I figure this out .
Do n't you think you 're getting in a bit over your head here ? I know what I 'm doing , Faith . Look what he gave me .
In my mind , there 's a boy who exists in chains . Inside a cold , dark room of painful solitude is where he will remain . Behind these walls the sorrow is inevitable , as relentless as the passage of time .
When Walt offered them a 12 % discount on all new products , they upped their deal . It was a good idea at the time . Okay , it was !
Did you fuckin ' do that to her ? For God 's sakes , Jimmy , just call the police already ! Where the fuck are you going ?
Child Welfare . She has n't been attending school , you ca n't provide for her right now . - You 're homeless .
Everything that Federov said she understood . - I 'm here to see Lebedynko . - Your bag .
It 's not quite my taste , but it 'll work just fine . I 'm so proud of you . You remind me of your father .
My ears are still ringing . God , look , do n't worry about him , okay ? The only one who knows where you are is me .
Hell , Faith , not only were you the right look , you were vulnerable . Everything about you just screamed '' Take advantage of me . '' You 've done nothing but run and hide , Faith .
Alexa Demoystria . Contract killer out of Moscow . She 's cutting a swath through people who have no business dying .
Yeah . My father did it all himself , years ago . I like it out here .
Call him . Why you so interested in calling him ? Like what you saw ?
Oh , my God . Please tell me you 've still got your fake I.D . - Hey , where you going ?
I can get the kids . Eddie Goodman works on these cases . And I have an open-and-shut case .
I never would have pegged you for a farm girl . What 's that supposed to mean ? Nothing !
He killed three of our people . The call is to terminate Devereaux . Do you have a problem with the call ?
Listen , I 've been thinking about it , and I think it would be best if I moved out . And I was wondering if maybe you wanted to come with me . Come with ?
These pictures are from five years ago . She 'd be 12 by now . Natalia Ulanova was her mother .
It was written by Roger Waters of Pink Floyd . - I think you know that . - But I felt I could 've .
Go on . Why do you suppose a father would clean up after his daughter like that ? Why would he get rid of the bodies and the cars , and never once , not once ever question why she ...
His hands are huge , I ca n't get a good grip . My mom said you do n't have a good model for relationships because of your parents . - What ?
Hey , you . Why did n't you call me back ? You suck .
All we did was sit back and watch everybody die . Would you like some water ? Sorry about the treatment .
We 're going to separate . You 're not gon na be leaving either of us . We 're gon na have joint custody .
Dang , that was pretty sick . I wish I had some talent like that . I always knew taking drama in high school would come in handy .
If by some stroke of pure luck you manage to kill me , then I wo n't give a fuck about that either . That was quite a speech . You bring out the best in me .
Is something wrong , Officer ? Is there some kind of trouble ? No trouble at all , ma'am .
Get in the bed . - I 'd like to wash first . I have an audio file match .
Stay out of my life . I ca n't believe you 'd talk to me like this . You left all those fucking ticket stubs and letters lying around .
Understand what ? The colors , the shapes , they have an effect on you . I 'd say it was an emotional effect , would n't you ?
You stupid twat . You may know the procedure , but then you also know that I have the right to vary the procedure if I deem it necessary . Based on the tenor of this conversation ,
Joan , call an ambulance ! Walt , get in the car . What ?
Teaching is going well . And I 'm playing the best tennis of my life . Maybe that 's an illusion but it feels that way .
I work with The New York Times . I want to talk to you about this man . Arkady Federov .
Yes . That 's exactly what it is . I mean , not exactly , but , you know , it 's really close .
What are you writing ? I 'm working on the Peugeot story . Did you take my note about the ending ?
Let 's go . Step out of your vehicle , sir . No .
Based on the tenor of this conversation , I am inclined to vary the procedure . You know what ?
Thanks again for the ride . You have the rest of the day nicely . Just push from the inside out .
What happened to us ? Due to the circumstances surrounding your condition , I 'm afraid that our information is extremely limited .
Because I bought them , and I do n't wan na lose them . We 'll put them back on the shelf when your father leaves . Until things are certain , we should n't say anything to anyone yet .
He was doing exactly what I would have done . We tried to kill him . He killed us .
From what I 've seen , there 's only one road in here . Well , that 's the one we take . Okay , we 're good .
Natalia did n't expect to see me in Moscow . She did n't even know I was coming ! - What did you do ?
The yellow written sphere goes with the green-shaped sphere . The blue written pyramid goes with the yellow-shaped pyramid. `` Blue , '' written in yellow , '' yellow , '' in green , correspond the visible colors and shapes rather than the written words because the spectral quality of light is more objective , so to speak , than the written English words of those colors .
A fuck . We 're not gon na be brothers . She said your dad 's pretty fucked up with women .
Good , thank you . Now , this signal that you and your friends were pursuing , when did you first encounter it ? - You mean Nomad .
Yeah , yeah , yeah . Sit on this and twist . You 're funny .
Here . Come and have a look at this . I 'm not exactly what you 'd call a spontaneous person or anything .
Okay , we have to tell someone . We have to tell someone . We have to expose this .
Why are you wearing that suit ? We 're not 100 % certain about what we 're dealing with here . The possibility for alien contamination is very real .
Can not you talk to Beth ? She must know that it is okay that we 're leaving . I 'll be brave and let you go , but how ?
No , obviously he 's bummed you 're gon na be gone for a year . It just seems like he 's trying to distance himself from me , you know ? Look , you guys are my best friends , and I 'm just ...
Thanks for the wine , Aaron . - Was the screw cap stock ? - He damn well .
No dog is gon na get its paws on it . This is the release form . In essence you are agreeing to fulfill the terms and conditions of Anthony Hendon 's last will and testament .
He insisted . He said I should try to see how it feels . And ?
Okay , I 've got the variables on my keypad . Now I need you to take back half the sequences , okay ? - Yeah .
Do n't tell me you 've come all this way for a handout . I 've come all this way for the money , Mr. Witherspoon . All six million dollars of it .
We 're not 100 % certain about what we 're dealing with here . The possibility for alien contamination is very real . When you say '' alien contamination , ''
Yes , that 's right . Do not let him touch you down like that . It 's not just him .
Of course it is . I 'm wearing my glasses now . I can see , and this is n't him !
The yellow tile here that says '' Six '' goes with the cube . The green tile here that says '' Five '' goes with the yellow pyramid . The green cube goes with the blue shaped cube .
But remember , Nic , you were the one who came looking for me . So you might want to ask yourself , `` Did I find what I was looking for ? ''
You thought at first she was a teacher ? None particularly note at her . We are so different .
If the equation does not work , does not water Multiplier . We design the classroom and stock it in the laboratory . life is about to go .
Okay ? Now , Simon was a family friend ? Yes .
Just barely , Mr. Witherspoon . We have a reservation for three . Table number five , please .
And I have no idea what I 'm going to say . But once it 's done , it 'll be my vows to you , okay ? So , after I said goodbye to you ,
It 's pretty late . I just wanted to say I 'm ok. Was that why you called ?
No , I 'm not a virgin . Do not smell the new car . When scares you away pussy .
Place was all locked up and he did n't have a key on him . What 's the story with the pieces of jade ? No idea .
You scared me . You came up behind me . There they are !
And then he saw the video and he freaked out , and we had a big fight . And after he died , I thought that the .. that the video would be in his collection , and it was n't .
Do you live here ? Yeah , would not you done ? I swiped it right away .
Next week we see who has the biggest balls ! Do you have dinner plans tomorrow night ? No ...
I sell the newborn and the dead . I sell the wretched , magnificent city of New York back to its people . I sell newspapers .
What are you going ? - Would you flee from place to place ? - I do not know ...
So what do you want me to do ? I want you to be holding the hand of someone just as they die . [ scoffs ]
Hmm . [ Caroline ] If you 're really going to play this kind of game , it gets really ... interesting . It gets , um , it gets exciting , sort of .
We 'll find him if we have to call every hotel . I 'll never forgive you , Rita . I swear to God I 'll never forgive you !
Have you heard ? A married woman with children . I 've even heard that one of them was your , but I do not believe .
We are in danger of closing . You 're trying to make me late . Charity begins abroad .
[ knocking on door ] Making you a little drink . Easy on the roofies .
Do n't give me that . - It 's in a bank somewhere . His lawyer gave me pocket money for the week !
You take museums , churches and car parks . I 'll take beaches , casinos , cafes and beauty parlors . Rita , promise me you 're not going to do anything crazy or emotional .
♪ If I never met you ♪ ♪ Your name just a name ♪ ♪ If I never met you ♪
Especially now . We 're in Europe Like we planned . With the money !
They attract snakes . In Italian , the word for '' snake '' means '' the demon 's cock . ''
That is my vow , Caroline , my vow to you . This is a song that makes me think of you . ♪ Star that breaks my heart ... ♪
Push it up , push it up . Let me see you just . Wobble , baby , wobble , baby wobble , baby , wobble , yeah .
I do n't know . I do n't really see myself as having a gender . Is that a problem ?
Joe , I want to stay here . - You want to stay here ? - This is the most fun I 've ever had .
Okay . He 's lonely , is my guess . He needs to get out and meet someone .
Beauty 's genetic in my family . Empty is the head that wears the crown . I entered the Miss Dairy Queen my senior year .
You know you can get in a lot of trouble for having these files ? Detectives do n't even let other cops see these things . I know that .
What are we doing ? I ca n't let you do this . There has to be some other way .
Joe , I do n't want to go . Joe , I want to stay here . - You want to stay here ?
Stop the elevator . Tell me the fucking story ! Fuck the story , just stop this thing !
Fail to hand me the master video when I 'm back in New York tomorrow evening , and your troubles today will be longed for fondly compared to the realm you will find yourself in . [ line disconnects ] - [ Simon ] I do n't know how it got up there , but it did . - [ woman ] You 're funny .
She 's a twisted , troubled soul . Her life 's been an experiment in terror . Husband run off with her best friend , only son killed in Iraq .
If you want . - Yeah , obviously I want to , but how do I ... how do I get there ?
I have to apologize to you ... because I was gon na tell that judge ... that I could give Lucy the kind of love she never had . But I ca n't say that , because I 'd be lying . I hope ...
So , pregame at Paul 's at like 7 : 00-ish . Paul has his own apartment ? ( horn honking )
Is n't it true that very deep down inside ... you know you need much more than your daddy can give you ? All you need is love . Where did she go ?
These are supplemental income . Because I wash and I walk and I feed the dogs . Sam Dawson has everything for your canine needs .
Come on . No , but the ... the quarter dark is so good . Boston Market , that 's ... that 's from our old life , our weak life .
Shelby , as you know , would not want us to be all mired down and wallow in this thing . She would want us to deal with it the best way we know how and get on with it . That 's what my mind says .
And Lucy had an ice cream cake ... with pink flowers -- not white -- and she likes cherry vanilla because -- If that 's Jake Hiller , put him through . Jake , no .
I guess they did n't have one that said , uh , `` You saved me from an agonizing death by rapid blood oxygenation . '' Uh , they did ; just no envelopes .
I see . Wish you could be happy . Your poor body has been through so much .
Let 's go . - '' The Boy Who Cried '' what ? - Stop talking .
A girl . - Jesus , that 's a pleasant surprise . - Dad ...
OK. ¡ ° ' How can we be so different and feel so much alike ? '' I do n't like that book .
Nobody 's eating it . Jackson 's aunt made the cake in the shape of a giant armadillo . ( LAUGHS )
Things happen . And you get through , and life goes on . I would rather have 30 minutes of something wonderful than a lifetime of nothing special .
`` to never speak `` of this enterprise to any adult , `` and to never betray its location
I just want to ... I want to hit somebody until they feel as bad as I do . I just want to hit .
objection . Get to the relevant point , Ms. Harrison . The point is , you 've never had those moments ... have you , Ms. Davis ?
No one will find us out here , Patrick . This house , this land , it 's ours ! We make the rules , you know ?
Yeah , uh ... I 'm sorry I 'm not more fun to be around right now . ( birds chirping )
Okay , look . That thing is seriously out of print . You know it .
French pancakes instead of buttermilk . Fruit topping on the side . The Funny Face special .
Are you okay ? - Uh , what does he mean ? - He does n't mean anything .
Where are you ? I 've been waiting here an hour . What the hell is that supposed to mean ?
He 's definitely been - spending time at the gym . - Right ?
He was gone when I was born . He went away when I was born . So the people at the institution were your parents .
When I get out , I was thinking of maybe heading out to L.A . I 'm fuckin ' serious , man .
I do n't think they 're gon na work out . - You remember Linda and Chris , yeah ? - Yeah , yeah .
That 's too bad . No , no , that 's where he belongs . [ Laughs ]
I need to make coffee . I need to pay my lawyer . I am celebrating congratulations to us .
Hey , look , I hate to be another one of these people Asking you for help , but do you remember when you did that story A while back on U2 ?
The fact that you 're retarded -- that 's not the right word . I do n't know what to call you . Sam .
I 've heard that before . I 'll probably end up getting it back later . Your girlfriend 's drinks tab .
Mm ... Do n't you think it 's always better when it means something ? - Yeah .
Yeah . Yeah , I really know him . * Please just make it go away .
I 'm your father ... And I 'm telling you to read the word . I can tell you to because I 'm your father .
Yes . We 've been very happy here . Was the house good to you ?
* You wo n't see me follow you back home . * * The empty sidewalks * on my block are not the same . * * You 're not to blame .
Yes . Would it be fair to say that Grandma and Grandpa ... were of normal intelligence ? And so , would it be fair to say ... that Grandma and Grandpa of normal intelligence ... had the real responsibilities ?
Back then you used to see bands when you went out . - Honey , what band was it ? - You think I remember ?
Oh , no , oh , God , do n't tell me that . Besides , Mike Nesmith wrote that song . Ooh , shit .
Objection . And when I ask another question ... - I answer in one sentence .
A little windy . - Yeah , it 's windy out here . - So ...
* Ca n't explain , and I ca n't stay . * * Please just make it go away . * *
Look at me . Slow down , because Lucy needs you . Yeah , Lucy needs me .
Ah . ( George Cameron ) * And when I see the sign * that points one way , * the light we used to pass by every day . * * Just walk away , Renee .
Careful . Like , I ripped it with a nail . Okay .
* I ca n't feel . * I do n't know what is real . * I am young .
And your fuckin ' brother and all of you vultures . I know you wan na kill me , man ... Kill you ?
Who cares ? I do n't want your friends to know how short I am . Ha-ha !
Maybe I do . Do you want to know about my rape ? You think you know ?
One sec . Uh , you might hate it . You 'll prob ...
We 've been here three years . When my husband passed away , His pension afforded us a down payment .
Do you want me to drive ? No , I kind of need to talk to you . Um ...
Oh , I ... I was n't expecting such a lovely lady , that 's all . Thank you .
It 's this video store near my house . They 've got this basement where they keep some of them more specialised stuff . I was killing the game .
Fuckin ' pass . By the way , I 'm not doing more double dates , either . This was fun .
All of those guys . - You spent that much time in here ? - Some .
Well , he 's got a pretty good life , no ? If he could do it , you could do it . Hey , baby .
Apartment 11g , key 's above the door . A guy named Peter will meet you out front . Give it to him .
Mm-hmm . You want to go to bed in , like , 45 minutes ? Okay .
Yeah , the van was parked across the street . I thought they were making a delivery . I do n't remember a van .
I did n't know what else to do ! What else did you want me to do ? He was coming inside !
It 's the last time I saw her . This is a nice place . Lots of nice stuff .
How long until your backup comes ? I do n't know , an hour maybe . There was a glitch .
Yeah , if you want help moving , I 'd be happy to do it . Especially if you got to be out by tomorrow .
So , I do n't think it will go on for too long . - I 'll be right out there if you need me . - Thanks .
Do n't worry . Dobbsie was crying when we did it to him . No , no , no .
What 's going on ? What happened to your face ? What ...
Called us in the morning and tells us not to call the police . I remember Kenny called up the other day . So I ...
I forgot . I bought you something today . I 'll be right back .
I could tell she 's a good cook . Nothing frozen in the car . She said she was making kanafeh .
'Cause when I was younger , I used to work on the riverboats in the casinos . What ?
What ? It 's gon na be just like the Abilene job only we do n't make the same mistake they did . We 're going big .
What do they need security at an abandoned building for ? Well , it 's for insurance purposes . They 've got vagrants running around here .
No , I 'm ... I 'm really excited to see the space , and I 've heard your food is awesome . Okay , great .
Why 's that ? An old dog crawled in there and died . The rats have eaten most of him .
I love ... - I love you too , brother . Except want to do so , would injure them or others .
Sam spade or Philip marlowe . What 's wrong with the name you got ? No , man .
Two-four , stand by . Tow is en route to 24 . What 's going on ?
But I know you . Tomorrow morning , I 'll wake up . You wo n't be there .
You know , the more things change , the more they stay the same . - Shit , I do n't know what that means . - Well your dad worked two jobs , barely made ends meet , right ?
Eagle 12 , out . I think I know what happened to that money . The Abilene job .
Hey . - Connor Mead , brother of the groom . - This is Brad .
What are you doing ? What 's it look like I 'm doing ? Hey , come on , Baines .
Now everything is ruined . I do n't even know if we 're going to get married anymore . Trust me , kid , you dodged a bullet .
He 's wondering why are you dressed like this . I wear the colors of the Dutch National Team . Why ?
Probably . - Excuse me , mind if we take these seats ? - No , please .
The rest of you secure this place . Nobody gets in or out . - Ready .
No . - Jenny , soothe the nervous bride . - Oh , it 's fine .
Jesus , does n't anyone just want to have fun anymore ? I like to have fun . All right , then do n't listen to these ladies .
Fucking perfect . Let 's get some cars in place . Well , shit !
From this day on , I want to be more like you . I want you to be proud of me again . Yeah .
Hell , twelve thousand Mexicans come across every day . You should n't mind if one goes back . What do you say ?
This is a disaster . My friends and family did n't come all the way over here to be met with some lacklustre salad . Where are the figs ?
It 's so good to see you . Yeah , I 'll glad he did n't . I 'm really glad he did n't .
No , it 's not . Look , it does n't have to happen like this . - It 's not going to happen ...
You been workin ' out ? - I warned him about the recoil . - Give me the damned thing .
Oh , so now you speak English ? If you knew any Spanish , you 'd know I was barely speaking it a minute ago . All right , smart-ass .
Cortez has been racing cars since he was a teenager . Her father build him his own track in Sinaloa . He 's been racing on the pro circuit in South America under a pseudonym .
Thank you very much . Well , you know what I mean , though . Projects .
You slept with my sister . I was Shawna back then . A waitress at the Palm .
It 's a monster on wheels . It was all over the news , like two days ago . It got stolen from the LA auto show .
I 'm for it . Well , speaking of which , I think I owe you an apology . I 've enjoyed the company of all the other bridesmaids except you .
Bannister here . - How far is the SWAT team ? 45 minutes or so .
We will be . You 're very good in close quarters , are n't you ? You 're very beautiful , Agent Richards .
You keep the money , and you buy your kids some gifts . You make it a good Christmas for ' em . Thank you , Qwerty .
I 'm fine with either one of them . With your pretty little agent dead or alive ? I can cut her up in a 100 pieces , and mail them back to you one by one .
I thought you had left me . I got something for you . I know you 're gon na like it .
What do you mean ? Cortez has been racing cars since he was a teenager . Her father build him his own track in Sinaloa .
I just-I 'm so- I 'm so nervous , because I really like you , and I know this is our first date and everything , and I know that it 's probably not the way that you wanted it to turn out , but I can be better . I really , really want to see you again , and I really want to prove to you that I can be- I can be better than this .
Freon ? - Plenty , but nowhere to flow . Use some spit and glue .
# Locked up inside my metal cage # # Always tense and filled with rage # # Above the concrete fields below #
# I do n't know what I would have done # # without you , honey # # Tell it to her softly # # Tell her like you should #
I do n't want to sit . I do n't want to sit . Please put it out and have a seat .
I had a really hard day . Big smile like yours , you expect me to believe that ? Yeah , just right here .
They were upstairs , they come down , a little refreshment . Now they 're going back up again . Half an hour ago , they shook the lamps over the bar .
I just haven't- I just , you know , have n't kissed a man in a long time . I just forgot how good it feels .
Yes , Mother . Why do n't we pick this up later ? I 'm out .
Got it ? We only get one chance at this . And then ?
Good show , thank you . Can we get something to eat , dad ? Bye , Maggie .
You 're afraid ? I never seen you scared . It 's pretty rough stuff out there , that 's for sure .
I got $ 50,000 cash . What , you do n't believe me ? I 'll show you .
Oh , God . I missed you so much . Thank you so much for finding him .
And you know , buddy the most important thing is that you and Mommy are happy . Can we talk about something else now ? I miss you too , buddy .
You hear ? They would n't look at you . - You 're going to do this , are n't you ?
Have n't got time . We 're going out in two days . Well , I 'm sorry to hear that , Michael .
Eventually , she 'll be treated for pain . I suppose , as a final effort ... surgery could become on option .
Katie will be young forever . So will the guy she married . I console myself with that idea sometimes .
But any man who sailed with him must 've been the better for it . Robert Shatford Dale Murphy Michael Moran David Sullivan Alfred Pierre may you rest easy , long-liners in fair winds and calm seas . For those of us left behind the unmarked grave which is home for those lost at sea is of no consolation .
I 'll coordinate with Sibley . - I ca n't thank you enough . Thank you .
Be careful . At least we 'll get cancer together . I ca n't put it off any longer .
What do you want for Christmas ? You can be really selfish about this ... anything you want . Or we can go somewhere ... anywhere .
Skipper say anything about us coming up short ? He 's too scared to say . Skipper do n't get scared .
I knew that . I just wanted to say goodbye . No one ever said goodbye to me before .
Most of us are young for what ? About a minute and a half ? Not Katie .
The stench of truth. `` O world , I can not hold thee close enough ! Thy winds , they wide grey skies !
Well , why did you do it with her ? Because she wants to know that I 'm doing well ... Okay , but you are doing well , so why do you need to make it sound better ?
I 'm good . Look , I got this friend , he 's a radiologist . He has a little problem .
I 've never been to Ohio . It 's amazing how little I 've seen of this country . Cool ...
Well , your body 's telling you otherwise . What is that supposed to mean ? Sit up .
Yes . I was hoping gravity would do the rest . Maybe I am '' typical '' .
And I 'm thinking to myself , `` Oh , my God , this is empty ! I feel absolutely nothing at all ! ''
Considerably . It 's begun to obstruct the outflow from her heart . I 'm sorry , I wish there was ...
Hey . Listen , it 's not what it looks like , okay ? Well , it kind of is , but ...
What do you mean ? When you called , I thought you were at work ... then when I you back , John said you had n't been in all day . I was in Montclair , New Jersey .
You can do this . Can you give me a point of inspiration ? - Like what ?
Okay . That 's 33 % fewer phone calls for you at 4 : 00 a. m. Please stop , okay ?
Here . For people who never entered puberty . Take six .
This is bullshit . I 'm tired and I 'm bored . What are you bored of ?
In Charlotte 's case ... the tumor is in her chest cavity . It 's growing rapidly , it 's proved resistant to both the radiation ... and the chemotherapy .
I read it . - Do you want to come upstairs ? - No , thank you .
And sometimes the thing you never expect to happen , does . Like giving up my job in Chicago and everything , and deciding to stay and apply to med school . I do n't know .
Some people star to fall into recognizable patterns . The next step is that ... immediately ... you know people ... on sight .
Yep . Did n't anyone ever tell you it was bad manners ... to stare at a girl while she 's eating like a pig ? This is n't right .
Five weeks . You 're going to like me . I beg your pardon ?
I wonder if they 'll kill you faster or slower . Based on what I 've seen online the awful things that men do to women that other men pay to watch my guess would be faster . Much faster .
I do n't know . I 'm running it down now . It is streaming live .
Why do n't you take a pen ? I 'll send you a pamphlet and an efficacy statement , okay ? What time is it , do you know ?
Watch your mouth , young lady . Hey , that 's what I said to you when you were a kid . I know , Mom .
And it breaks my heart And it breaks my heart I hear in my mind all of these voices I hear in my mind all of these words
I hear in my mind all of these words I hear in my mind all of this music And it breaks my heart And it breaks my heart
He flipped one on the Harbor Freeway . He went off the Long Beach Pier once . A smooth , easy ride .
Send it to me . You 're giving me my best numbers . That 's ...
Yeah . - What 's wrong with it , Otto ? - Needs restoration .
Got our proof it was n't Elmer . Starting Friday at 1 p. m Elmer was logged into a chat room for 12 consecutive hours . At the time Miller disappeared , Elmer was in a steamy private chat with the first tenor of the Men 's Chorus of Greater Tacoma .
On your stomach ! - on flawless , cut Natalie K diamonds . Huge savings on one-karat diamonds .
Come here . Remember when we used to do this ? - What ?
That 's right . I think you 've sacrificed enough already , do n't you ? Nobody 's gon na blame you for taking cover .
Oh , man . I thought I told you . This is our turf .
Yeah . - Why do n't you get in there and go for a ride ? I know what you did .
I 'll be gone in three days . I 'm just here on some family business . Word on the street says Raymond Calitri hired you and your brother for a top order ... a order shoulda went to me .
Now , he 's stealing my financial data and all my passwords . Which I happened to have gathered in a file called '' passwords . '' Nice touch .
You know what ? Let 's go over to Otto 's in the morning . Kick over some rocks and see what 's underneath there .
All right , Jennifer . Let 's see this tortured kitty of yours . Torture 's over , sir .
So now we got ta stay down here ... till you tell me everything you know . Y-Yeah , I told you everything I know . I know that because I said , '' This is everything I know . ''
Sorry . I 'm good at a lot of things , you know ? But I 'm not good at losing people .
We are blackholing these IPs but every time we shut one down , a new mirror pops up . I do n't understand a single word you just said . What does Russia have to do with this ?
You stole a car that was n't on the list . You stole a car that was n't on the list ! Why did n't you just go to the police station in ... in a red clown suit ... and let everybody know what we 're doin ' here ?
I want you to meet someone . This is Annie , the birthday girl . This is my friend , Eric .
Yeah , Coach Grant agrees with my decision . Okay , okay , look , I ca n't lose my scholarship . It 's the only way I can get into college .
Hundred miles apart , male , female , different jobs , lifestyles . The latest DNA check on the blood tells us what , Alice ? Nothing matches the database so far .
Actually , I 've been meaning to talk to you , Toby . I 'm really , really into you . Do n't tell me .
Yeah , just get the food . - Hey there , Jess and Casey . - Hey .
Then there 's a maniac on the loose . Are we really having this discussion ? You taking notes ?
Thank you so much for that , teach . That was an awesome lesson . I 'm humiliated .
Then they say the suspect made Vincent 's teenage daughter choose which parent should die , threatening to kill the entire family if she did n't . Police describe the alleged killer as a Caucasian male , approximately six feet tall , wearing a dark hooded sweatshirt and knit cap . Vincent was best known for his role in the highly publicized Wilshire Barrett case .
I 'm glad you said that , because it makes what I 'm about to do a whole lot easier . Yeah , go ahead and check them . Did you just unfriend me ?
The one who 's approachable and easy to talk to , because no one 's trying to get in their pants . And if you do n't know who it is , chances are it 's you . Say when .
Hey , not funny ! I thought you loved the camera , Jenna . Who the fuck are you , you creepy fuck ?
I 'm going to kill your mother or your father . You have 60 seconds to decide . No
Oh , can you hear me now , jerks ? There will be no Vine , no Flickr , no Tumblr , no Tinder , no Facebook , no Hulu , - Just say no Internet , we get it .
I 'm 107 . All right , let me zoom in . Holy shit .
He knew your name ? What else did he know about you ? Nothing , I guess .
You were n't even born yet , and she chose you over me . She told me it was the hardest choice she ever had to make . But I gave her one that was even harder , and she made the ultimate sacrifice for you , Fiona .
He 's getting away . Give me your car keys ! I do n't know , son !
I know what you 're thinking . Little Fiona living all alone with a overactive reporter 's imagination . Easy , easy , okay ?
I 'm not really sure . [ giggles ] [ both speaking indistinctly ] [ knocking ] Brian . Fi , what 's up ?
These barcodes here prove that . They 're actually Codabar , an old system that they used back in the ' 70s . Milburn closed down more than eight years ago .
By all means . You 're coming along nicely , by the way . Late bloomer , I guess .
of a doubleheader against State AM : And now it 's time for the CSC News Eye On Sports : On location is beat reporter Colleen Lipman :
[ Man ] Colleen , we love you : ! First up is your very own varsity cheerleading squad : No !
[ All Groaning ] - Of course , the cheers were n't quite as complicated : Just tell us the winner , will you , please ?
But -- - And in this case tradition I must say , Whittier , there 's a lot of good , honest wisdom
Then I do n't know : It 's not like we 're gon na just spontaneously shouting out : cheers : [ Cheering Continues ] Yes : !
. Tell me what we need Stinger pride Hell , yeah !
it does n't matter if you win or lose : It only matters if you try as hard as you can -- if you give it every ounce of So , what do you say ?
The State cheerleading seven consecutive national titles , which over that time has tripled alumni donations : and allowed me the life to which I am accustomed : Just last year , I upgraded :
You 're very perceptive , But are n't I on the team ? Of course you 're on the team :
[ Laughs ] God , you look great under water : Well , did I tell you I 'm a cheerleader ?
How do you mean ? - I mean , if you suppress you will be hearing from us in letters to the board not to mention the around-the-clock protestors Okay , okay , okay :
Because cheerleading is fun : And it fosters school spirit : And it also keeps you :
No . You do not think this is hot ? No .
Amateur psychology is a useful tool for gamblers , but a degree in the subject sounds like the perfect foundation for a career in , say human resources . You 're on the wrong side of the glass . - He 's the one who manipulated ...
Oh , sorry . We just talked about our next session , our next practise session of golf . Were n't we , Lance ?
Probably left the incubator when they realised their little start-up had struck the motherlode . It would n't get any sweeter than this , I 'm sure . So they joined the board , secured some big fat stock options and bought themselves the right to have a little fun ...
Let 's get him . - No , this is really unnecessary . Should I push him ?
No , why ? She 's on her way over . That does n't mean to say she saw anything .
The Americans have tremendous confidence , but not much talent . And it just seemed that all those discussions you 've ever had , ..... like '' Would n't it be great if ... '' Well , that 's what happened in the ' 90s .
Thank you . God , you drive me crazy . Oh God .
They would n't hire damaged goods . But covering your eyes , nose and mouth may be wise . They 're not the only things worth covering .
* But I 'm lazy * I ca n't take the pressure and it 's starting ... * - ( * Sleeper :
Cuts quite an athletic figure . I 'll be back in a minute . Let 's cheer for your father , shall we , perhaps that 'll help .
* Faster than a cannonball * Where were you while we were getting high ? * Someday you will find me
You may have read about that . Then a medical researcher patented a virus suppressant . The mortality rate halved in six months , and now his company is the biggest player in the global health industry with a turnover of $ 20 billion and a market capitalisation of $ 60 billion .
No , I 'm not . And I know why , you 're not getting any . - What ?
God 's Mysterious Ways '' , I 'm sorry , I 'm sure that Cod have mysterious ways . But it 's the mysterious ways of God that wanted to talk about this evening .
I would n't be surprised if he was a plant all along . It 's the kind of thing they 'd do to stir up our internal dynamics . To set us against one another .
That 's funny . - Yes , that is quite funny , is n't it ? Mummy !
Are you saying you wan na work for this company , jumped through every hoop to get here but you do n't know who they are ? They listed salary and benefits . The job description detailed ,
This is one of your mother when she was your age . Wow , Mom , you looked gorgeous . Are n't we forgetting the small matter of dead bodies ?
The point of having power is to exercise it in all its forms . - We 're pawns of the Gods in here . - So ?
( * This Is Hardcore ) I did n't take her to the motel , she took me . I 'll tell you the unwritten law , you dumb son of a bitch .
* From a stagnant water bed * And it sounds just like this * This is the sound of ... *
They invited you to apply . I 'd say we 're disadvantaged because you showed the initiative to apply . We 're behind the curve now .
The devil 's in the details , Dad . Could we not say that word on a Sunday . Dad !
I remember watching them and I just cried . I thought '' Something is really changing here . '' * Some might say
So ... congratulations ! You 've just disqualified yourself without breaking any rules . He wo n't kick you out , but you 're dead in the water , honey .
Holly ! Come and listen to this . Sit down .
* In fortnightly instalments * Come share this golden age ... Tony Blair was carried into Downing Street today ..... on a political landslide ..... and on a wave of Labour jubilation .
We were quite offended at the time . We were sat in Rockfield and Alan McGee come and said ..... '' Well , they 've moved their single back . '' They had it ready to go two weeks before , ..... and they decided to move it back so it was on the same day as ours .
I do n't know : I have n't seen this before . But it ca n't be good .
Yes , fine ... I was just checking the ... trunk , the big leather trunk . Is that yours ?
You know , '' I went to a great caff . '' `` It was really , you know , authentic . The cutlery was so dirty . ''
* May the good Lord shine a light on you It only took an evening to write . I played it to the band the next day ..... and the day after we played it at a gig at Manchester Hop'N'Grape .
I 'm saying this is a game . - And they 're betting on us . - Right and who is '' they '' ?
I know some of you came a very long way , thank you . And some old friends , Morgan . Great result for the rugby at the weekend .
* You got ta say what you say ... * They 're the two most popular bands in Britain , ..... having sold millions of records . They 're engaged in a chart war ..... that 's set the music industry alight .
Odds mean nothing without the question in front of us ! You can forget about any more help from us in finding it . I do n't need your help .
At some point you 've got ta put yourself above them . I just hope when you do , it 's not too late . For you and for us .
And then we done the second . So I got really drunk after the first night . I ca n't remember anything else .
Toujours y voir clairement est primordial . To see clearly is all . All right , that 's enough out of you , Sartre !
I 'm not harassing you . I 'm just letting you know that time 's running out . Yeah ?
It 's the little things . One minute , it 's a nose ring ... - Oh , God , not the nose ring .
I do n't think Lily will ever know how many hours of my life I 've spent thinking about her . I was n't actually thinking about my baby .
Why did n't you tell me , Judith ? In your position , it 's important you have someone to confide in . What exactly did you see online ?
Does n't matter now . Look , I like you a lot , but chances to star in a film do n't come along every day . If you 're talented , they do .
S.I.D . Apparently , we 're not ready yet . I hope you realize I 'm doing this for you .
I do this three times a day . This is my favorite spot . There is a bench right there if you wan na watch .
It should n't take long . - Well , you do n't have to . Tomorrow 's fine .
Hate men like him . They 're always so confident and charming . [ Lowers voice ] Hello , Judith .
When you get to the docks , you 'll be phoned by a man called Gerrard . He 'll tell you where to meet him . When you 've made the drop , call me .
Could I have my boyfriend back now , please ? Hey , you can have him anyway you like . He 's very flexible .
Look at it . I can totally see you in this car . - Mikey , the successful hooligan .
Lily . Would you like to say something to Judith ? Yes .
[ Director ] Going to camera one in five , four , three . Welcome to this very first edition of arts ... - Chat .
This was serious money , and as time went on , we became better mates than we 'd ever been back in the old days . He made sure he looked after his team as well . Of course , I was always tempted to skim a lbit off the top , but I knew I had a good thing going and I did n't wan na risk it .
I 'm sorry , my love , but I ca n't cope with you gazing at me so trustingly . I 'm reading about things that you and T. Wouldn'T have imagined . Quite frankly , would n't have enhanced our life .
Who said anything about Paris ? It 's the only place I 've committed these crimes . So unless you 've got evidence to the contrary , you can charge me .
[ Chuckles ] '' Lydia Lovemore '' ? It would worry me if she wrote some of this stuff , I can tell you .
Time is of the essence . Helen is off on her leadership training course on Wednesday . Can I let you know ?
But I do n't have to . - Sorry , Diana , I did n't think ... - No , you did n't .
I 'm not disputing it . I just do n't think it 's appropriate . Exactly .
`` manacles and manicures . '' you see why I need a drink . You do have some beer ?
If you do n't know what I mean , no explanation will ever make you understand . Being a part of the crowd , the mob , gives you a great sense of power , like animals in a pack . We ?
Communication of any kind is frowned upon . Answering emails is considered a sign of weakness . Indeed , the default position on any kind of commitment whatsoever , is some other time .
Lily had a book which said my spirit animal was a hamster . [ Chuckles ] No , definitely a lioness . What am I ?
♪ ooh , ooh ♪ gentlemen talk to a lady ♪ gentlemen talk
Well , I 've been feeling pretty nauseous lately , - I know I 'm not ...
Give it up , mate . Nicey Pricey is bad news . She would chew you up and spit you out .
Of course , you are . But just think , where will we play dominoes if they close this place ? Come on .
What ? It does not work without the sex . I never said it ...
Now , do n't be a silly boy . You 'll be telling me next that there 's no '' l '' in T-E-A-M . He 's gone .
♪ I want you ♪ so I 'll scratch your back and you scratch mine ♪ I 'll watch your back when you walk the line
That 's just a means to an end . We 're trying to find a better way to live . You ca n't expect someone like me to buy into all this .
* I wo n't hear * * I am too busy losing myself in my mind * - Oh !
Must go , Anna WINTOUR 'S here . If I was Anna Wintour it 's unlikely I 'd have someone who looks like you working for me . Fair point .
♪ Boogie to the right ♪ ♪ Cassie dances madly like a boxing kangaroo ♪ ♪ Spinning on the spot ♪
Well , the marketing people will wet their knickers . Give me a couple of days with her . So , you see , it was n't just David , it was all four of them .
Wait , wait , I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry , I know him . - Just give me two minutes . - You got two minutes
What exactly did you do with yourself for these 69 days ? I was building an empire . You 're ridiculous .
♪ I like you not made up ♪ ♪ You 've got a nice face ♪ ♪ It is crumpled and creased from the way that you sleep ♪
Had you going ! I 've always fancied myself as a bit of a comedian . Seven years ...
I took the first job I could get my hands on . Put in the fries , Peterson . I suppose the crumpet was n't bad .
So , we 've had the police looking for you . You 've wasted our time and the police 's time . You 've put yourself right back where you started .
Where were you ? You said you were coming home . Well , I do n't -- I do n't tell you everything .
wanted to ... radicalize her . Instead she came to us . We 've been unable to make contact with her , for the last three months .
Luton calling ... Ladies and gentlemen in ladies attire ... allow me to present my favorite nephew . Newly relieved of her majesty 's pleasure .
Hello Sir , nice to meet you . - Chris tells me you served in The Paras . I heard about the ambush at Kajaki .
That 's why we implement demand destruction . We continue to make money , as the world burns . But for this to work , the people have to remain ignorant of the problem , until it 's too late .
♪ And I thought of you in autumn ♪ ♪ And I 'm sad I wo n't see you again ♪ ♪
Bennett . - Give me some music on now , please . - Yes Gov !
You need to record with proper equipment . You know , your words are depressing and self-centered . Your songs are -- are baby songs , they are songs for children .
You look fucked . I 'll take this first one . Yeah .
( phone ringing ) This is Cassie De la Roxfurd . At the tone leave your name and message , I 'll get back --
Yeah , before I forget , I did come into this world as Michael Peterson . But I go out with my fighting name . Charlie Bronson .
`` What the hell just happened ? '' before she gets torn back into her own living delights and active miseries . And I 'll go back to my room .
Ambition is the virtue of all great men . He 's going to stay here with us . Alright my pets ?
You 're the only person that wants to hear them . Well , what 's wrong with that ? You ca n't make records for anyone else .
No . - They do n't do work in longterm prisons . - It 's vocational training .
Zero ... over . This is Alpha 3-1 , large explosion , 3 minutes ago , near the road junction . We have three injured and looks like two dead .
♪ ♪ There 's one thing in common too ... ♪ ♪ It 's a , it 's a , it 's a ... ♪ ♪ it 's a sin ♪ ♪ it 's a sin ♪ ♪ Everything I 've ever done
Ordered ? You a mercenary now , Dan . Not in the army .
Serious money ! All you need 's a name . What 's wrong with Mickey Peterson ?
I mean , look , it 's just my opinion . It 's not necessarily the opinion of others but ... you know , if there 's one thing I am , I am a very good judge of character . Yup .
I think you 're ready . ♪ My room faces north ♪ ♪ But the sun 's in the south ♪
? Mrs. Peterson I really must talk to you about ... But I was n't bad .
Hey , did you give my tape to those guys ? Yes , they said they would put it on the pile . Is that all they said ?
The organizing principle of any society , is for war . The basic authority of a modern state of rich people ... resides in it 's war powers . Today it 's oil , tomorrow , water .
So you 're going to church . Just thought I 'd go and see if I could get the feeling back . So can I come with you ?
No . - Yeah , I 've seen them at it . That Sid is not who you think he is , and the other one , he 's into selling drugs , guns , under-age girls , the lot .
I do n't wan na go inside . Have you seen what time it is ? - I do n't care what time it is !
We have n't got any more . - No I fancy pizza actually . Can I bring my friend ?
Who , Ramush ? - I got him on his boat . - Forget about it .
Get off him ! You animals , get off him ! Help !
He 's hired a bunch of Chechens . They 're not here for the Jihad , they 're here for the money . Also , we have to consider the possibility ... that she 's been feeding us false intel , maybe even from the start .
Sticking it to some old codger . After all , you 've had it stuck into you all your life , have n't you ? What the fuck is he talking about ?
Can you still do good with it or should you give it back ? I thought it was a miracle , but it is just robbed . Damian .
And shipped them off to the training camps . I brought them back to the UK and turned them loose . - Why ?
They must be ... you did a good job . Thanks .
We were in the marines together . If it had n't have been for him , I would n't have met my Kath . It was a service dance , and Bob 's dancing with this girl ...
She does n't know , where the cells are , so ... It 's not your job to save this girl , Miller . She knew what she was getting into to .
A police spokesman says Miss Dobbs was a victim of a random and senseless act of violence . The toddler will be placed in the care of a local authority . Traffic now , the M25 is closed eastbound at junction 19 due to an overturned heavy-goods vehicle .
Est a quero publican rodeo . It 's less than a fortnight to E-day . That 's when Britain completes transition to the European Monitory Union .
I ... It needs to be a prime . So ... 20 random cards are placed in a row all face-down .
The Mormons ! You stole money from mormons ? Would you like to tell us why you did it Anthony ?
Well , would n't make any difference . It 's very rare we get anything back . Very rare .
Please welcome Australia . A warm welcome for Bangladesh . Canada .
Oh ! Well all I can say is ... ding dong
No , seriously , thank you for everybody who 's , uh , shared and stuff . Because there 's definitely things that I can identify with and that I definitely recognise ; . Uh ...
The train is in the station . And the cops are in the cop shop making tea . Where are the robbers ?
* Now he 's in love with you he 's in love with you ... Have n't you had enough , Harry ? I do n't think I 've seen you pissed before .
You may begin. `` 4n squared trains are arranged in a 2n x Zn square '' `` and each is painted with one of four colours . ''
Fuck , no way . Now , listen , if you wo n't tell me , I 'm gon na do both your knee caps , one at a time until you do .
The vertices of a regular 72-gon are each coloured red , green or blue in equal amounts . Show that we can always choose four red , four green or four blue vertices such that each monochromatic set form a congruent quadrilateral . Yes , so , of course , the whole question can be trivialised by Ramsey Theory .
I tell you what , we 'll go together . I 've already been to the police . Bastards !
You know what I was thinking ? You know , sometimes it might seem like we do n't always understand what it 's like to be you . It 's like you 've got these special powers , like a wizard .
The bullet blew his inside out . He screamed for a good 10 minutes . You could n't send a medic in , the section was too hot .
Is she messing around with the Goldbach Conjecture ? Maybe it 's what they do for fun . Mmm , I love cracking unprovable theorems in my free time .
What are you on about ? Can you hear them laughing ? Even he 's laughing .
In my pocket . Go on , make it work . Calm down , bruv .
We give Thee hearty thanks ... * I hope you find a little more time * Remember we were partners in crime
How do I do what ? I mean , what 's your name ? - Nathan .
There are just three days left to e-day . Remember the money in your bank account has already been converted . The easiest way to change any cash you have is to pay it into your account .
Now . Your father 's on his way . Come in .
No . All music is maths , really . Come on , I 'll teach you the next bit .
She keeps waking up during the night lately . Mum 's getting too old to have her sleep disturbed . I could always come to you , now that she 's met me .
Go on , help yourself . Take as many as you like , son . Result .
Do you mind if we take the weight off ? - Can I ask you a question ? - Hang on .
Damian , tell him to go on . You 'd like to have a million pounds would n't you ? It 's not a million pounds .
But the dinner . It was like something out of ... People would pay money to see that on stage .
Alternative seating . UK team member , Chinese team member . IMO conditions apply .
Tom was about to have a major exhibition , but he was more concerned about keeping Lars happy . Lars is very good looking , but he knew it . You know the type .
No . You and I , Charlotte , in five . Difficult times .
Yeah , I 'm good . Do you , uh , live around here ? No , I 'm just ...
I sold him a table . When I delivered it , I asked him out for a drink . A retzzina , I suppose .
Until we feel security , you will be our targets . You are all responsible for turning a blind eye to the butchery of my people . I 'm only a man , but my actions are the price you pay for your apathy , for your debauchery .
Guys , check out the board . Is she messing around with the Goldbach Conjecture ? Maybe it 's what they do for fun .
I mean , it 's rough . The hat 's superimposed on the hat as almost an afterthought , but Degas did that with his working drawings . It 's probably cut away from the larger sheet as a memento for someone , that sort of thing .
Oh , nothing much , just been drifting . You did n't get into law ? No , it was n't for me .
How 'd the audition go ? Do n't want to talk about it . What 's the matter with you ?
It 's interesting stuff , Nathan , but you do over-complicate everything . Things can be much simpler than they initially appear . Did Mr Humphreys not tell you that ?
Thank you for coming to visit me and for making this offer , but I 'll have to pass . I do n't involve myself in my workers ' private lives . I 'm not a religious man , but faith is a ... a personal thing .
He was in that doctors thing . I thought I was the one out of all my friends who had got it sorted . So let me tell you what happened to me one day last summer .
The following day , the first bomb exploded . I met with my controllers . They tried to take my life .
Your wife 's dead . Could 've put him in the house . She would n't have known .
What ? Oh , you 'll see everyone who 's important in your life . Everyone who has passed away , and ...
We 're looking for experts . I use the term loosely . But if it comes off , are you interested ?
It is sore . But it looks worse than it is . - You need a bath mat , love .
Are you on something ? - You do n't dance with me any more . - You should take me out , then .
Your target is an American neo-con . Head of a think-tank , instrumental in planning the war on terror . His daughter is getting married to an Englishman .
But as usual , a mother 's wishes count for nothing . Which university did you go ... ? Ohh .
* When they shut you down * You will know that I 'm still the same At last !
Is it not an obvious fact that if the poor can not produce , they must starve ? Is it not verily a law of nature that if they ca n't -- Law of nature that the weak must cease from breeding ?
He gave his driver instructions as we went along . He never suspected who you worked for ? No .
Robert De Niro . Would you like a cup of tea ? Fuck off .
I do n't want this any more . You can go back to sleep if you like . Oh , what , just like that ?
Where are you ? Give us your location , where are you ? Everything is in position .
Even Harry . He played rugby for the county . Mmm .
♪ He 's consumed by rage ♪ Like his father at his age ♪ Rita 's little child
See ya . Can I help you , sir ? Table for one ?
And I hated her as well . She was a simple lady . Had this naive faith in people .
* Dolce and Gabbana * I can not even say it * I 'll tell you right now it 's on my wish list
I 'll get something light ... I came by your shop today . And you was n't there .
( Crispin ) Well , I think it 's too early for us to speculate as to who 's involved , but , um , the hallmarks of the bombing really do point to home-grown Islamic terrorism . Cowardly way the bombs were lit in a public place , nature of the types of explosives , and it seems to be ... Off you 9 °
When King Henry VIII was dying , he smelled so rotten because of all the pus from the disease that people were actually sick if they went near him . And when he died , he was succeeded by his son Edward , but it did n't last very long . In fact , it was rather boring .
And , erm , I 've got something in here . Just to brighten the place up a bit and to say thank you . Are you OK ?
I want you to behave properly , yes ? You ca n't make me like him . No , you 're right , I ca n't , but there 's no reason why you would n't like him .
Morse ? Detective Chief Superintendent Crisp wants you . Morse ?
You can go back to sleep if you like . Oh , what , just like that ? Black and white ?
Please ! Look , I know you 're sad , but , please ! He 'll kill us both !
You always were ambitious . Well , genius does what it must . Walk with me .
'Life 's been mad for me in the past 12 months . 'Been awful sick for a number of reasons . ' I do n't know if it got in the papers to you , 'but Samuel got attacked by that dog .
Morse ? Wilcox , Duffel , Ellis , Woods , you 're assigned to Banbury . DS McBain .
A brandy , then . Someone told Rowan that you took Greats at Lonsdale . Is that true ?
Not like me . I always knew I 'd end up working in the dullest law practice ever . Why do n't you just quit ?
Well , she already had the perfect candidate . Will you drop that in for me when you go ? Thank you .
They all think it , but I do it . 'That 's the difference between me and you and the rest of the world . 'When I got out , I thought I 'd make a new start .
Come on . You know , it felt good , what I did . You know sometimes to earn respect , we have to do things we would n't normally do .
What was it ? A car accident or something ? We believe he killed himself .
♪ Their teeth , their souls , their flesh ♪ We were wasted , son ♪ We were wasted , all
It 's Unforgiven , you know ? Clint Eastwood after he 's killed everyone for murdering his friend , played by the noble Morgan Freeman . Oh , man , great actor .
Know he is . What do you think , sir ? If Stromming is this Oz character , it stacks up .
Oh . Could I- Could I see the crime scene ? No .
You see , they have got silk . What we have is n't even polyester . Bye-bye .
Sorry to interrupt , sir . So , Saturday night , he lures Mary Tremlett to Bagley Wood and kills her to stop the truth about their affair getting out . And his alibi is what for the time in question ?
It 's all flies and sand . How come you got wounded ? Maybe I shot myself in the foot .
We always go quiet before a race . It 's part of the preparation . Right , darling ?
There 's official lines of inquiry we 're following , Morse . Poetry books is n't one of them . Is Mary fond of poetry ,
Any evidence ? Write anything on your leg ? Yeah , all right .
It 's a young girl . Suppose you were doing your job . Yeah , a fine mess made of that .
What if somebody else did them killings ? But you thought Darius did it . Maybe still do .
One kid at home 's enough , thanks , Belle . Girls , are we looking at chicken or are we eating chicken ? - I 'm starving .
What was the name of that girl we were keen on ? Lived on St. John Street . Wendy , was it ?
Carl will be yours throughout the season . His brutal touch , your reward for being a part of the relay squad . I 'll be gentle .
What about Mr. Grady 's suicide attempt ? Caused by rage and self-hate . Tragic , yes , but not recognized symptoms of PTSD .
I 've scraped better than you off the soles of my boots . So get this , and get it straight . Do n't care who you pimp to , or whose pal you are down the lodge .
You did , did you ? Percival 's date of birth , eighth of October 1943 . Spoke to his parents .
But it 's all right . I got family waiting for me . I 've neglected them for far too long .
Our sports editor sat down with some of Great Britain 's top athletes ahead of the event Golden girl ' Trix Warren is hoping that third time 's a charm I can feel it through every fibre of my being that I 'm ready to go out there and do it .
She 's got herself caught up with this bloke , then , has she ? It 's just we 're interested in anyone she may have known through him . Did she ever go to Wolvercote , so far as you know ?
It was Lucy and Claire . - We even have little Claire . - Happy birthday , Daddy .
Good . Thought this was a missing persons case . You said murder .
Commuters ? If she left Oxford by train on Saturday afternoon , well , it 's unlikely she 'll have been seen by the weekday crowd , would n't you think ? Well , do n't think .
That was a joke . And she did n't find it funny either . Bye .
Andrews and Temple . Hardly appropriate behaviour for professional athletes . Flippin '' ...
You 're both like two peas in a pod . So just leave her alone . She 's a good shag , anyway .
Andrews if is ! - Shania Andrews made great time there . She 'll take the final ' piece in the gb squad .
I just prefer running on my own . I 'm not really used to being in a team so I think the relay was becoming a bit of .. Whoo !
Look , he 's a kid who experimented once or twice , got burned for life . If you really are interested in his mind , look at what Iraq did to it . And now he 's tried to top himself again .
It 's just a power outage . Have you seen my cellphone ? Jake .
Right . Go back , do it again . Really drive those arms , yeah ?
You know , I actually felt sorry for you when I heard . When I read those reports , I thought ... `` What drove him to that ?
Guess what that means . On all counts of the indictment , how do you find ? We find the defendant guilty .
The scene 's getting ugly And ugliness that 's destroying the scene But I feel beautiful right now so I get dressed ... Hi , Elise .
♪ Give us free money And we do n't pay any tax ♪ NHS healthcare Yes , please , many thanks ♪ People get stabbed round here There 's many shanks
♪ It would only be a matter of time before she had police asking her questions J ' Finding out the truth About her underworld connections ♪ Sending her back to the brothel Either that or simply just deporting her
That 's not what I said . I 'm sorry , I 'm not risking my chance of a medal because of her . - Hey , hey , hey !
Knife handle . Now , I 've seen it the other way around . Thank heaven for small mercies .
Yeah , Darius said she was trying to talk . Well , he stopped her from doing that too . I found cotton fibers in her lungs .
Who does ? That 's one for the philosophers , Dr. Hill . So , of course , I ca n't comment .
Let him have a drink . His cousin 's coming to bring the money . Where 's your fuckin ' heart ?
Regard all their worries and cry Their Christian mothers were lazy perhaps Leaving it up to the school
♪ Though you 'd never know By looking at him that 's the cunt ♪ Who by 1983 was in the National Front ♪ He had a shaved head But still got mashed on drugs
♪ We 're poor round here Run home and lock your door ♪ Do n't come round here no more You could get robbed for ♪ Real , yeah , because my manors ill
♪ When you 're locked in the dungeon ♪ ♪ You know you 're trapped ♪ ♪ Unh , and you 're also wack ♪
Mickey , Mickey , Mickey . I give you the opportunity to make something of yourself . This is how you repay me ?
Okay , Mickey , if you need anything , I 'll take care of it , all right ? You want me to introduce you to someone or ... Do n't corrupt the kid .
Na zdorovie ! ♪ You ca n't take it when I bring you down ♪ ♪ Why do you suffer when I push you all around ?
Pissed up , fell down the stairs Ker , do you reckon we could both get a shower ? it 's free down/ three down .
Clever girl . Actually , I 'm kind of counting on that , so we got about 4 hours to kill here , and I 'm just kind of ... curious to know whether you can handle the protégé . It 's not like that .
Nothing . Why are you sending your miniature friends ' round ? Look , if you 're in trouble , you 've --
♪ I faced my devils but still broke through ♪ ♪ Ripped up the world , I thought I knew ♪ ♪ Now all I want is shining you ♪
I 'll ask you again , how often did you get my dad a girl ? a couple of times , three or four what kind of girls ? i do n't know , he likes them young , do n't he ?
you wan na go now ? yeah , see get it out the way , you can have your money , ca n't you ? allright , look
You 're leaving me on my own ? I 'll only be 5 minutes Come on , get a move on , shoes , jeans off
That 's my client . You want to take your hands off me ? And , Detective , you want to tell me where you 're taking my client ?
If those slags ai n't working out ... ♪ Tell me ♪ ♪ Who do you think you are ? ♪
well i got none .. - well take them then , allright ? want some credit for my phone and all - Later , use a payphone
Just fucking call him . Well , Johnny wo n't ignore my call . ♪ Ca n't give you any more of my love ♪
I remember you now . You had a black eye . A right bloody shiner .
Allright , allright , hold on , coming down he said that he 's coming down So you have n't heard from her then ? - I told you , I 've only met the girl twice
Plus 3 and a half grand for Jimmy Gordon . And an agreement that Leeds United will pay both our taxes ... - for the next 3 years .
Well , we 're very different people , Don and I . We have different styles in football and in life . I 'm a warm man ... an idealist .
Let 's show them some of the things we 've been working on . Our changes in attitude ... to a new outlook . New discipline .
WHAT 'S IT DOING ? MAYBE PETE AND DAMIEN TRIED TO TURN THE FUSE BACK ON . NO , IT 'S UP TO SOMETHING .
THOSE TWO GO TO NIGEL 'S OLD ROOM , AND THOSE GO TO THE GUEST ROOM NEXT DOOR . WOW , NOW THAT IS WALLPAPER .
WE GET BAD STORMS HERE , IT 'S NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT . BESIDES , IT COULD BE A LOT WORSE . IF WE SURVIVED SIX YEARS AT SAINT NICK 'S ,
YOU 'RE TERRIBLE . THAT 'S THE LAST THING YOU 'LL EVER GET OUT OF ME . ... STUCK IN SOME HUGE MANSION .
Leeds United have the habit of reminding them ... just how far they still have to go . They made us look like fools today . I mean , our boys ...
HONEY , I DO BUY YOU PRESENTS , YOU JUST NEVER USE THEM . YOU DO N'T EVEN USE THIS . IN FACT , IF YOU 'RE NOT GOING TO USE IT ,
WE 'RE ALL FINE . YOU CAN STAY OUT THERE AS LONG AS YOU WANT , WE 'RE NOT GOING TO LET YOU IN . HOW DO WE KNOW SHE 'S NOT MAKING THEM SAY THAT ?
You ca n't keep shooting your mouth off the way you have been ... and issuing these ultimatums . With great reluctance ... your resignations have been accepted . Look , you ca n't do this .
Hey , you would n't have found him if it were n't for me . Good job we 're both wearing ties . Jehovah 's Witness , Dave .
I MEAN , WITHOUT HIS GLASSES , HE COULD N'T EVEN SEE THE HAND IN FRONT OF HIS FACE . SO , IT 'S OFFICIAL THEN .
WHEN YOU GOT THE BIG SHEET AND WENT AS THE TWO-HEADED MOTHER TERESA ? AND WE WON FIRST PRIZE . I HOPE YOU DO N'T THINK THAT MAKES IT ACCEPTABLE TO HAVE A MISTRESS .
TIM KNOCKED ME OUT , AND THEN WHEN I WOKE UP , TIM WAS DEAD AND DAMIEN WAS GONE . YOU SHOULD BE PLEASED .
I think Leeds have sold themselves short . They 've been champions , but they 've not been good champions . In the sense of wearing the crown well .
ANDY , YOU KNOW DAMIEN . I MEAN , WITHOUT HIS GLASSES , HE COULD N'T EVEN SEE THE HAND IN FRONT OF HIS FACE .
TIM ? TIM , ARE YOU ALL RIGHT ? LUCY !
Come on . There 's something we have to do on the way . Wo n't take long .
HONEY , GO ON UP . I 'LL BE THERE IN A BIT . NO , WHO KNOWS WHAT YOU 'LL GET UP TO IF I LEAVE YOU TWO ALONE ?
SO , HOW THE HELL DO WE DO THAT ? SO , WHO 'S GOING TO BE THE BAIT ? - I 'LL DO IT .
It takes time to settle into a new club . It 's not McGovern 's fault that Billy Bremner is missing . One Don Revie
A chairman telling me what I can and ca n't do ? You 're picking the wrong enemy , Brian . The enemy 's not Longson .
I do n't think she actually died in the Beacon pub . I think , well , she might 've done . But they pronounced her dead at the hospital , erm , some hours later , or it was some hours later before we found out .
But you know , she , er ... She could have done a better job than what she did . It was the consequences of her actions , not mine .
And did you really have to say that about Majorca ? He was Revie 's first choice to get your job . - Who ?
The policeman comes up to the girl . - Right , come on , get out . - Do n't talk bloody silly .
Thank you . I believe that he made it more difficult on himself than he need have . And how did I do that , Don ?
Fill it up . Shush , shush , look , look , look . Look .
We made the right noises , but they were pissing in the wind . Lorraine came to see Kathy after a few days , but she looked like she were n't bothered . Kathy said , '' Why ai n't she crying ? ''
( Rita ) Will you stop blaming me ? It 's as much your fault . ( man ) It 's all of you .
You tell me . Did I ever want to be an undertaker ? Serious question .
I wrote more or less about my feelings . I called the play The Arbor because the street I lived on is called Brafferton Arbor . It 's always known as the Arbor and a lot of these things actually happened on the street .
Everybody getting on to her . Well , she could n't sleep and she did , she used to phone me up and say , `` Look , I ca n't sleep . '' And I 'd say , '' Look , do you want me to come up ? ''
Got the same birthday as your mummy , have n't you ? I love him , do n't I ? Have you got a name for him yet ?
She could have done a better job than what she did . It was the consequences of her actions , not mine . You know , she slept with an Asian man , not me .
I just want to have a feel of her tummy and see where the head is . - I 'm not having it in no hospital . - You 'll have it where you 're told .
`` I wo n't do that and I 'll sit back and you know , I 'll write to you and maybe see you and see how long you get and see what you come out like . '' I do n't think it 's ever something you come to terms with . Erm , the fact of the matter was , I was responsible .
They have n't got such places . Will you carry these bags for me ? They 're heavy .
Well , your dad died . And why did n't I just sell up ? Why did n't I just sell up and go back to college ?
He was n't bothered . I had to get in the police car . They put me in and I got back out .
Well , why not ? You 're the one holding the gun . You can make all the rules .
I mean , I want to help them , not ... You know what I mean , no knee-jerk stuff . - Let 's help them , yeah ?
No . You look like an undertaker who 's trying not to look like an undertaken And failing miserably .
Just not in here . The trouble is , I 'm not much of a thinker . Think that might take me too long .
Course not . You want to know your trouble ? And I 've thought this since forever .
Anything over , I keep . Anything under , that comes out your end . Fair is fair and all that .
Terence , Brendan ! Come on , we 're going now . Quick !
The trouble is , I 'm not much of a thinker . Think that might take me too long . The longer the better .
Nah . I 'd go and have a nice cup of tea . You can do that in here , too .
Seal the deal , yeah ? Whatever you want to call it is fine by me . Eddie likes to hit me .
About you and me . Rick ... there 's a time for everything . Now is the time for building bridges , not burning them .
You 're the one holding the gun . You can make all the rules . I want the money , too .
He 's got a place in Tennessee , yeah ? With quad bikes and moccasin snakes and potbellied pigs - and cattle there .
To Mrs Spalding , who has carried on where I left off in the office , I give £ 150 and my cameo brooch . To Arnold , the longest-serving member of the firm , I bequeath £ 200 , and the painting in the chapel of rest which I know he 's always admired .
Has she got any friends , Eddie ? I 'm feeling a little jealous . Your wish is my command , Jimmy .
Yeah , well , I only tell you this'cause it affects you , right ? Now , I know Gerry knocks a little bit back from what all of us girls earn to you . But the thing is , Eddie , he 's taking a liberty with the free samples .
And where 's Dean ? Well , Dean was acting kind of funny . What do you mean , funny ?
What do we get ? The heiress is making tracks . Right .
They 're gon na love it . The thing is , we 're not all here for a holiday . Some of us are here for the money .
There are men who look . Doloreta Bring back to me . I remember when Stevie and Sonny were born .
No . Look , I 'm done , that 's it . Well , that 's just great .
Million ? Eddie 's boss is coming to town . He 'll be loaded .
Sonny is dead . God does not look at you . There are men who look .
Except in the summer , when we have a few problems keeping them fresh . I completely understand , Doctor Knox . All right , Patterson .
Now you do the same for your family . But I have not even started . Bring them to the hospital .
In the end , only Hare got the Royal Seal . And William Burke ended up in the same place as his victims . Where shall I start ?
Cristi not forget ... Yes , put the guns in their hands . I have taught you this .
She beat off . They sound foreign , he says . Russian .
In all these fields , we 've moved further and faster in the last two decades than in the previous two centuries . Never before have ordinary people had so much freedom and opportunity . The year is 1828 , and we are building a new world .
We 've dug canals , we 've built roads , we 've started a new life . But none of us has forgotten that Emerald Isle from which we came . That mystical land where a man ...
I do not want . My wife and child his prisoners . The sex club .
You . Thank you for a lovely evening , Mr. Burke . Uh , William , please .
Rhoda , look at me . We get her back , I promise . Sonny is dead .
I 'm trying ! You know , this is how they put wounded soldiers out of their misery on the battlefield . - Oh , aye , what 's that called ?
I 'm gon na be the man who goes along with you And when I come home When I come home Yes , I know I 'm gon na be
My name is William Burke . Like many of you , my colleague Mr. Hare and I came to this land looking for work . We 've dug canals , we 've built roads , we 've started a new life .
I never wanted to fight . - You could be because you have fighters . Act like champions .
William Hare ? This is no time to be resting on your laurels . Or to be getting yourself inebriated .
Oh , I hate that man . Doctors , professors , gentlemen , please take your seats . Your attention , gentlemen .
Keep your cleaning ? - I 'm not a sex worker . Dressed earn nothing .
I 'll grant you she 's had her problems with the bottle , but she 's fighting her demons . Besides she 's bound to be in high spirits . - It 's rent day for Old Donald .
Want my job ? - Do not make me hurt you . For the case .
Strong . I have a good feeling about you . A good feeling .
I had liv 'd a blessed time ... Someone 's had a few too many . Who can be wise , amaz 'd , temp'rate and furious loyal and neutral in a moment ?
I was locked . Mitch Sam , Ned and Steve John . Does this happen every day ?
Lucky got her drunk . Now you just hold her still . I 'm trying !
Rat catcher ! Fergus took protection to a new level and made a fortune selling life insurance . As for our French friend here , he also became a minor celebrity .
Wait . We would be dead heads on the fence to impale . Then he laughs no more .
You love her ? - Oh , what sort of a question is that ? Sort of question you ask a bloke who tried to pick you up at the Bomb Squad fancy dress disco , dressed as a gladiator .
It 's mayhem . Keep people away from the area ! - Oi !
My name is Barry Lavis , I 'm here to inspect your VAT receipts , as authorised by the VAT act of 1968 . - People believe that , do they ? - Sometimes , yeah .
0-60 in 5 seconds flat . You could take her up to 170 , 180 . You 'd have to be in a chopper to catch someone in one of these .
You 'd have to be in a chopper to catch someone in one of these . I 'll go down the shops and get something nice for tea . Choc-choc chip ice-cream to celebrate a win .
And it 's very quiet and still . We 're chatting away and all of a sudden you turn to me and you ruffle my hair . That 's all ... you ruffle my hair .
Sonny Ghorbani was a suspect in that case . You had him under surveillance five years ago . I 'm guessing no one wanted that little cock-up exposed until there was some glory to cover it up with .
Yeah . He told me to write a letter to Osama Bin Laden . Did you ?
' 'We tape newspaper to the window to keep out the cold . 'And we found a use for all the unpaid bills . '
Bye-bye , precious . I am precious , are n't I ? Yeah , you are .
Your mum , your sister or something ? Probably think it 's peculiar , do n't you ? Bet you thought , '' She 's an East End girl , bound to have a gran and a mum ''
'We tape newspaper to the window to keep out the cold . 'And we found a use for all the unpaid bills . ' - Do this .
Someone from your family ? Your mum , your sister or something ? Probably think it 's peculiar , do n't you ?
We did n't know which one . If we 'd stopped every game , then panic ... - My baby !
We ai n't got time for no chat ! We need to go get him now . - Hey !
I ai n't got nothing against you , but I do n't think we got anything more to chat about . Ask that girl you was banging , they was mates . Claire ?
Talk then , man . Me and my business partner heard of you . We thought it might be beneficial for all of us if we come work with you .
You know , cos we get taught stuff in there . You can still get jobs and that . I missed you , mum .
Now , your cousin said if she could n't pay , you would . So tomorrow , my money , my drugs , or you . I got ta go work .
It 's good that you come out of jail , and you 're , like , all right . Bell me sometime , yeah , if you 're bored or whatever . Or if you 're not doing nothing now , you could just ... go back to mine and just ... just whatever ... for a bit .
Fucking Sam , yeah ? She still has nightmares because of you . She flinches if I move too quickly .
And you were there skinning your teeth . You thought because I was on holiday I 'd forget about it ? Listen , your man pushed himself up on us , yeah .
Why 'd you miss the funeral ? Them bullets were meant for me , man . I fucked that little black girl , Reggie 's little sister .
I know you have to be here by 5 : 00 , but I do n't get off work till 11 : 00 . So I was just praying that you could hold a spot for me and my daughter . - It 's against the rules .
I know better than you , boy . They know nothing about you . You 're gon na be great .
What ? White boy with the blue shorts . He 's a white boy ?
Yeah . Got a lot going on . Yeah , you look stressed .
And he did it . Speaking of dreams , was it your dream to be a janitor ? You ask a lot of questions .
Show me them little titties . Ca n't you find someone your own age to mess with ? Just make out a little bit for the camera ?
This ai n't no free show . Hey , you guys , I feel sick . Yo , let me hit that .
How are you ? I 'm good , how are you . Yo , dude , your toilet 's flooded .
I 'm not those people . You know I can help you . You have to let me help you .
Dad , it 's okay . I used to take walks like this with my mom . Yeah ?
Come on , man . I 'll be back in a second . You 'll be back ?
And here 's the good brother . You , huh , doing everything everybody tells you to . You know , Mom , I did the deal .
Just drive ! Walter , how long before you get your driver 's license back ? You tired of driving me already ?
Let 's do it . Thought you said he was here , Chris . Must have bounced .
♪ They got poor eyesight ♪ Well , maybe I do ♪ Either way I 'm proud
Get off the bike . It 's from Baker Boy 's Bikes . I told them that you wanted to go on a test drive and they trust me .
Pick it up ! Okay , you pick it up . James , let 's just --
MARK : No one is that busy , okay ? I met Rene the first week you met him .
( Garbage truck stopping ) Holly , did you finish the milk ? No .
Lookit , Faith , everyone deals with pain or the past differently . Some choose to run from it by having as much fun as humanly possible . Others choose to run from it and hide .
What are you doin ' here ? Thought Roc was sending Drew ? He could n't come .
Where is your mom ? Mom and Dad has this big fight and all . And Mom found some stuff he was hiding .
Please . When I saw your child sitting in that car , she was afraid . Reminded me of the time that my parents took me to the Maldives one summer .
Well , then ... you tried to set fire to the place before hanging yourself . 'Cause you could hardly leave that locker laying around for the world to know about . Although something tells me they 're gon na find a few of those pictures laying right next to the charred remains of poor little Lola .
No . No , we do n't have family . Do n't you think I would have done that already ?
Hurt like hell , but it 's pretty sick-looking , huh ? Hey , so it 's last call . I was thinking maybe you 'd like to buy me a drink .
WOMAN : How long has he been housed with you ? LT .
I 've never seen her before . ( WHISPERS ) Mother , you never see the help . She 's a janitor .
( Police sirens wailing ) Are the police looking for you ? You 're asking me to throw my whole life away , James .
My Dad ran out when I was 2 , so I never really met him . I got a mom somewhere in Arizona , I think . Dang .
( CLEARS THROAT ) This is Natalie , uh , my fiancée . - This is Lindsey .
Fortunately , it 's not as easy as just randomly reinventing yourself . Not when the sins you 're trying to escape from are hidden at the bottom of the lake . Please .
Biometric mets from Belgrade Airport arrivals coming up . It says four hours ago . There .
You should ... You can just live here as long as you need to . I ca n't .
It 'd be so dang easy . Just run off someplace new where no one knows you . Completely reinvent yourself .
Let 's go back to my place . We can have a drink , can sit back and relax . Hey , you .
She could speak English and Russian . Everything that Federov said she understood . - I 'm here to see Lebedynko .
Okay . Not the party , but the movie . So we were thinking Short Circuit .
Frank says you 're feeding the cat generic food . Get Purina , it 's what he likes . - It 's the same damn thing .
Bernard , have you ever done anything like this ? I 'm not going to answer that . Has anything been going on at home that might 've provoked this behavior ?
Oh , God , are you okay ? I want you to go out the back way . Just up the road is my truck .
Then I 'm gon na show it to your dad . You like Pink Floyd , huh ? - What ?
I love you too , Papa . I 'm sorry I was n't there when you needed me . OK .
No connections . But there were things in this world that mattered to Peter Devereaux . People he let inside , people he loved , perhaps .
Yesiree , ma'am . I mean , come on , Faith . We 're young .
We can get some turtles . I know you like amphibians . Turtles are reptiles .
I 'm gon na go with Dad . - Well , your dad and I talked about all of us going . - I do n't wan na do that .
He 's okay . Why do you got that gun , Lola ? Go to bed .
The border there is weak . He does n't want you , he wants me . We 'll meet you there .
You 're right . Hey , let 's you and me go out tonight . It 's Saturday .
I do n't ask about you and Ivan . Stay out of my life . I ca n't believe you 'd talk to me like this .
Why do you suppose a father would clean up after his daughter like that ? Why would he get rid of the bodies and the cars , and never once , not once ever question why she ... Except maybe to slap her around a bit and call her a slut .
But there were things in this world that mattered to Peter Devereaux . People he let inside , people he loved , perhaps . And we just killed a very important one .
I was ready to leave long ago . I just did n't know it then . I 've been giving it some thought .
Can you feel your legs ? Come on , we got ta move . We got ta move .
Yeah , I think I got something for you here . Yes , she 's at train station . Just bought three tickets to Junik with a credit card .
Joan , let me ask you something . The work I did at the end of our marriage making dinners , being attentive . It never was gon na make a difference .
Yes ? And I sleep right there , and I have a little kitty . Your brother , your mother and your kitty .
People said she was using , doing tricks . Do you know who this man is ? A pimp .
As a present . Let me get you a pillow . You used to be very emotional when you were younger .
I used to hand in Lou Reed lyrics in my poetry class and pass them off as my own . Although I hope you do n't get caught . I always did .
Scared is not the issue . Everything is so serious suddenly . - We 're not getting married .
Go down . Screw that , you go down . Be careful .
Never had you pegged for the father type , Peter . That such a lovely little girl could come from your DNA defies logic . Really , you should say something .
Knopf is publishing my novel . Pickle , you should be at your dad 's . - Yeah ?
What are you talking about ? I 'm not gon na make a speech . Stop .
I could only look at it with my hands in front of my face . When we 'd get home , after my bath , she 'd go through all the different things we saw that day at the museum . And ...
We got ta get out of here right now . Go to the train station . Book three tickets on the noon train to Junik .
You made the wrong choice . I came here tonight , Mason , to kill you . I did not know what she was to you .
What was she wearing ? No , I guess I 've seen that before . What are you writing ?
I did not know what she was to you . You thought this was about Natalia ? No , this is about you .
When you were away from school ? I lived only in the world . It was not exactly in the cards that I should have an education , as it certainly makes for some .
What has just happened ? Your son just asked a cop to go . - Now we go .
This is your life and possible death . Now stop whining and look for that box , okay ? Somebody could come in .
I 'm fine , I 'm fine . I 'm gon na get more coffees . I 'm gon na move the car .
No , you do not know Linda . It 's not a pretty sight . Can not you live with your grandmother in Jacksonville ?
There . I think we should stay here tonight . Is this my fault ?
I killed the only man I ever loved , and I just lost six million dollars in diamonds . What else could go wrong ? I 've done nothing !
Everyone must create a device as you can walk on water in the swimming pool . You design it , build it and compete with it . When the semester is finished , would you like 20 year olds cope
On his lap is a small heart-shaped box , which you must guard carefully , until you receive further instructions . This is a check which should cover your activities for the week . That 's all there is to it .
You 're right , it does suck . - Hey , you want one of these ? - No , I 'm good , thanks .
I 'll be brave and let you go , but how ? Take it easy , I have a plan . I 've thought about it all night while we packed .
Thank you . - I think the last one was a Z . - This is serious .
Can you remember their names , James ? Extraordinary , your will to survive fueled by your anger , your fear , loneliness , frustration . I admire you .
I want to talk to my parents . I 'm sorry , that 's just not possible . What are you talking about ?
It 's safer . I bring anything to your room . - To my little scout !
Surrounding the body were small pieces of jade . Police have no idea how he got in there , given the high fence with wire , nor can they determine the cause of death because of ... [ woman ] The bulldozers and the rats . You can say it .
What ? It is a day of competition . You can go .
Yes ! Shall I wrap them up , madam ? No , they make my feet look too big .
To use your bathroom and then back to Brooklyn . What do you mean back to Brooklyn ? I 've got Uncle back .
are you coming to Grandma 's ? - [ Lisa ] Such a good boy . Not on this trip , sweetie .
Aaron , you are so polite again . I love to have wine on the table , but not in my glass . Sometimes I feel that I I fit in there .
I have Charlie , but I ca n't talk to him about everything . Simon is very much a taboo subject . Charlie 's already started looking at houses in New Jersey .
No , thank you , I 'm working . I said move it , Vinnie ! Hurry up !
The more you resist , the harder it 's going to be . So , tell me the story . No ?
Quantitative chemical analysis , Applied Physics , - - Technology II , Technical Mathematics II . - You skip the first semester .
Here 's my number . [ Porter ] When the gate shuts , my work and the city remain on the other side of the wall that surrounds our hidden home . Lisa and I fell in love with this house when we were first married .
So it 's your turn . There must be something you can . - I can conjure up his roommate .
I saw a woman who could take it , who could take me , who could fucking kick it back at me , if she had to . This is my excitement ... and my terror . My heart thrills to your heart , Caroline .
She can change your life . - I can hear your passion . But there 's just not enough .
♪ My lolli a lick ♪ ♪ A romance to give my guts a kick ♪ ♪ The TNT in your kiss ♪
Then you must let me know . must know where she is . Did not she say something ?
You still got my Tony . You 're welcome to take him too . I loved this man .
Please indulge me . And , uh , I 'll , I 'll share something with you . Yes , I watched the video .
And a little heart-shaped box . How much you say is in it ? Her husband will kill me .
Yeah ? I really think this could happen . I think it 's very prudent .
No , you go ahead . My wish would never come true on the Dog Star . Then I make one for you .
Thank you so much . I ca n't believe I locked myself out of my own room . - Mr. Witherspoon .
[ man 1 ] Give us the file . - I do n't have it yet . - [ man 2 ] Are you sure about that ?
I 'll just lock it , shall I ? That would be a wonderful idea . I 'm out of here .
$ 6,000 . He owns his own equipment . I do n't .
It 's never going to end . Even when I 'm an adult , she 'll find me , question me . You 're being a little dramatic , I think .
I 'd like to , uh , to give it to you . We did gain access to Ms. Crowley 's apartment , and I am sure she suspects something . - She does .
Definitely a bad omen . No , come on , that was thunder . That 's a tree .
It 's a big city . Thank you for your time . [ Porter ] With my nagging guilt growing ,
Thomas Drummond Eatenton , did you get these magnolias off my tree ? The judge has n't decided who exactly owns that tree . I do n't need a judge to tell me what 's mine .
JOE : It can sense fear , all right ? Do n't move .
To schedule a night out ? [ kids and Josephine chatter indistinctly ] Do you need a ride somewhere this morning , Mr. Grumpy Pants ?
I 'm going to go away tonight for a little while , Dad and I want you on , on the camera , okay ? [ woman ] Okay , I 'm going to go . I have to go .
Joe , I do n't want to go . - Get out of here , man ! - Come on , man , I did n't ... ( screams in pain )
Uh ... I guess you would n't have heard ... Paul and I broke up .
Uh ... I 'm risking my whole career , telling you who I am . And please , trust me .
But Belle and I want to expose ourselves to a little bit more culture that 's not easy to come by in this neck of the woods , so we 're thinking about a theater trip to New York ... ( TOILET FLUSHING ) ... and , Ouiser , you should come . I 'm not exposing myself to anything . Why not ?
But she 's not saying that I do n't have a chance . So tell me that I have a chance . Oh , my God .
Yes . I experienced a childhood on the planet Earth , so ... yes , I 've heard of that one . Do you think you can apply it to my situation in an allegorical fashion ?
Okay , okay . Um , mom , do you have any . Um , internal organs ?
Keenan claims he has n't seen Toy in weeks . Toy is described as approximately five-foot-seven , with straight brown hair and blue eyes . Anyone with information regarding Joseph Toy should call the Tottenville County Sheriff 's Department .
Raise your right hand . Do you swear to tell the truth , the whole truth ... and nothing but the truth , so help you God ? So help me God .
Why would I say that ? Why would your friend say that ? Kids lie all the time .
Morning , Ouiser . Oh , do n't try to get on my good side . I no longer have one .
They shared with us that your records show ... that your intellectual capacity ... is around that of a 7-year-old . Our concern is what happens when Lucy turns 8 . Mr. Dawson , do you understand ... what Ms. Wright is trying to tell you about Lucy ?
My question for you , Gary , is : How do you want me to eat these with my normal human mouth ? Do you want me to unhinge my jaw like an anaconda ?
There 's pennies on the counter . Just stick one in the fuse box . There 's an overload of goodness .
Are you on any teams ? Carol , before we go any further , you should know ... Frank is not my real father .
But , Annie , it 's Just one day . And Lucy needs you because you went to college ... and you can give the right answers . And we ca n't lose her .
No , she'II be fine in just a minute . She probably wo n't remember anything . Do n't make a fuss .
Might be a little small . One , two , three , four , five . ( thud )
And it 's not perfect ... and I 'm not a perfect parent ... and sometimes I do n't have enough patience ... and I forget he 's just a little kid ... but we built a life together ... and we love each other . And if you destroy that ... it 'll be irre -- irrep -- Let me see .
I 'm not even sure he has opposable thumbs . So if you will excuse me , I have yard work to do . ( LAUGHING )
Willy ? Come on , you 're not gon na talk to me now ? I bought a bag of your favorite lemonade Jellybeans .
If you need anything , call . And if her line 's busy , call me . Yes , Annelle , I pray .
She dreaded telling Jackson . Do n't you talk about me like I 'm not here . Yeah , yeah , she 's making sense now .
WOMAN : Patrick , why are you running around ? Oh ...
`` I Just needed A place to sleep . '' What if the baby 's sick ? Bring her over here .
This is the most fun I 've ever had . We built this house together ! - Go be with her , man , hmm ?
( Owen ) Yeah , cigarettes , sorry . ( Man ) I 'll have to take these from you , hold it . You 'll get them back whenever you 're done with your visit .
* Do n't be shy . * You learn to fly * and see the sun when day is done . * * If only you see .
Sam , these are probably too big ... but I thought maybe Lucy would like those . When we were at the zoo , she liked the animal prints . But these are for adults .
The problem is Joe 's a mama 's boy . Clarissa was good for him . She just let him be .
And I 've screamed horrible things to him ... a seven-year-old , because he does n't want ... to get in the car at the end of the day . And then he looks at me with such anger ... and I hate him then . I know I 'm failing you .
Admit it ! He 's kind of right , man , you do . I do n't like more than a handful of titty .
Why do n't you write that down ? Let me make sure that I 'm clear here . Are you telling me neither of you ... wants custody of your child ?
I 'm counting that from the first time I ever saw her , ' cause ever since then , I 've felt the same way . She 's the most beautiful thing I 've ever seen in my life .
At least you 've got Charlie Rich to keep you company . ( Charlie Rich ) * Hey , * did you happen to see * the most beautiful girl in the world ? *
Maybe everybody 's right , see . Maybe everybody 's right about that , see . So no more now , OK ?
So , what is it ? Since when do you ask me personal questions ? Since right now .
I think I feel real connected to you . I have that effect on people . Yeah , you got a glass ?
Because I tried to make a really nice room for her . But I was afraid she 'd wake up at our house ... and want to come home . That 's a girl .
You know that , hon . Thanks again for being there for me , okay ? What do you say we go have a little breakfast
I do n't know if you want ... I know , you wan na get back , so let me enjoy this and I 'll drive you back to your car . OK .
It 's just easier to be with guys that do n't matter . Um , the ones that do n't know me . I 'm more like a guy like that than a chick .
Lucy told me -- - I do n't want to hear it ! Can you possibly explain this to me ?
But the circumstances are not in there . Yeah , there 's a reason for that . Do n't you have to record this ?
Myself . I look up to myself as a father . Mr. Dawson , you have the capacity of a 7-year-old .
Also , I watched pornographic videos and masturbated 22 times . For these and all the sins of my life , I am sorry . - Ten Lord 's Prayers and ten Hail Marys .
Until they dragged me in there . There had been so many girls , So many girls hurt in that house .
Forgive me , Father , for I have sinned . It has been one week since my last confession . - Tell me your sins .
No , I have to be home in the morning'cause I 'm having something delivered . But you should stay in bed . Go to sleep .
Move your fucking van , buddy ! Wait , we just have to get the couch in . Hey , pal .
How crazy is that ? You know all my favorite songs . What do you make of that ?
Okay , ready ? I 've never been more ready . Honestly , I 've never been .
Yeah . Here , I want you to meet some people . You guys , this is my boyfriend , Chris .
It 's a nice place to stay . What happened to your parents ? You do n't have to feel sorry for me .
You have to be more quiet . I 'm sorry , it 's ... ♪ He 's always standing outside ♪ ♪ Looking in
You 're gon na stab me now with the big fucking knife ? It 's going to bother me , too , for a long time . I know it will .
All right . Here 's a bathroom if anybody needs it . Um , I expect you might .
And then , God bless them , but he and your mother die and they leave you with a house with two mortgages and a pile of hospital bills . That 's not what they wanted for you . They wanted you to get out of this place and have the life that they never had .
Okay , good . It is an excellent choice . That means that one 's yours ...
I 'm gon na be late . Your lunch is in the kitchen . Come on , man .
Chris is her boyfriend ? Chris is the boyfriend , yes . Baby .
No more blood on my hands . Promise me nobody gets hurt . Nobody gets hurt .
I 've never been shot before . There 's a first aid kit in the bathroom . Hey , I do n't see any numbers .
Come on . What , you think last week was a joke ? It was a test run .
We have to find him . He 's got a phone , right ? Come on ...
Still , your gut must be telling you something ? What 's it telling you now ? Is she alive ?
It 's trying to take the house . You know , the more things change , the more they stay the same . - Shit , I do n't know what that means .
Kate , get me some peroxide , please . I 'm sorry you 're not good with it . I 'm fucking bleeding .
Make the searching and fearless moral inventory of ourselves . It 's before you set the terms . Go to your dad .
Congratulations on , you know , the thing . All right , I 'll see you at work . Really great to meet you .
It 's gon na be lots of fibres and blood traces and God knows what else . He ought be looking at 3 life sentences . Personally , 20 or 30 years tagged on as a bonus .
That 's the way you hold a gun . It 's the way I hold it , yeah . You know how to eject the clip ?
Um ... Yeah , just maybe while I 'm gone , like , if you have thoughts on just general timing and ... Okay .
Yeah , I heard this morning. `` Ca n't be on time , be early . '' Yeah .
I want you to go home , sleep on it . And if you want in , be at the bus stop in the morning . I wo n't be there .
You 're gon na pick one or I 'm gon na take them both . Well , what are you waiting for ? You trying to stall ?
I think maybe you should just go . Oh , would you please get a hold of this moment ? Would you please get a hold of this moment ?
I did n't know he was missing school . As a result , the Department of Child Welfare is legally obligated to intervene on James ' behalf to determine if he 's a candidate for state-funded care . Foster care .
Mr scudder , come in . So , you are a private detective . Is that right ?
Yeah , they tried to use a demolition charge to blow the door . The door held but the fuel tank went up in flames . They were cooked alive .
Where was this video place you met these two ? He moves around a lot . - I 'll still be there , who knows ?
Come on . You know , I could help you with that hand . Will you ?
You know , it makes me happy . You did a wonderful job with her , Von . So did you , Mervin .
Oh , no , ca n't get his belt off ! You should have seen the look on your face . Do n't worry .
Never . Look , kid , I 'm , uh , sorry I raised my voice at you . Being a parent is n't exactly my chosen profession , you know ?
Come on . All right , number one , that was years ago . There seems to be some debate about the time line .
Oh . And we knew who she was , of course . CONNOR :
Ray , we got work lights . Something big is going on here . Ray , do you copy ?
Yes . No , you 're the only family I got here , so I thought you could say something . I do n't think this is the best idea you 've ever had .
Do you have an aspirin ? This is n't the nurses office . - I mean , what is wrong with you ?
And you have nothing to fear . She placed sixth in Beijing . [ CHUCKLES ]
Yeah , well , that 's true . A friend , incidentally , who you 're not even mad at . And you know why ?
Oh , my God . Okay , look , these things are not very well-engineered , all right ? They 're very rickety .
Well , I just came in to open up the diner and the milk has n't been delivered yet . Is this really a police matter ? Mr. Parsons always delivers fresh milk first thing .
Keep it light . '' I never understood why he called me Dutch but I believe his wisdom still holds . - That 's nice .
They 're so weird . - Yeah , somebody is enjoying this a little bit . - Ha , ha .
Would you like to dance ? - Oh , thank you but I 'm just watching the ... - Jenny , dance .
Got ta hit New Orleans by noon tomorrow . - Oh , that 's a long drive . - Sure is .
Shit ! Do n't try to see death coming . You wo n't .
Where are you ? I need you up here , all right ? Melanie !
This is the moment you truly fell in love with Jenny . You completely let her in . And this is the moment that you realized you were spooning .
This is n't the nurses office . - I mean , what is wrong with you ? - Oh my God .
With your pretty little agent dead or alive ? I can cut her up in a 100 pieces , and mail them back to you one by one . Is that what you want ?
In 1988 , Owens joined the LAPD . He trained under their Elite Tactical Division . Worked Narcotics for five years , then he quited .
I hope I did n't keep you too long . I 'll make it up to you . First one 's on me .
It 's more than that . Cortez , he 's third-generation cartel boss . He thinks he 's untouchable .
I do n't even care about the milk , nobody 's even around this weekend , but ... that man has n't missed a delivery ever since I can remember . And I 'm worried about him . Well , have you ever thought about calling him ?
Should be a quiet weekend . - No more of those big omelets , OK ? - Alright boss .
You know , at first , I did n't really want to come . I did n't want to seem desperate , like I need help in meeting someone . But then I realized I have n't been on a date in-in two years .
No . I want you to ask him why he 's wearing that . Why is he dressed that way .
How much time do I have ? It depends on your will to live . Yo , excuse me .
Ladies and gentlemen , Dale Murphy out of Cortez , Florida . The only fish the Andrea Gail has hooked in three days . How you feeling ?
Father Bishop ? Father Bishop , what are you doing here ? Are you returning to us ?
Keep moving , keep moving . Come on , Sully , let 's get some bait going here . It 's big .
# Always tense and filled with rage # # Above the concrete fields below # # With you I want to go , want to go #
I don't- Well , we- you know , we grew apart . You know , you wake up one morning after 13 years , and the feeling 's gone , and , you know , you try to hang in there , but there 's really nothing you can do .
You are a sick son of a bitch , and I want you to get out of here now . I want you to leave now . Get the fuck out of here !
Tell me how I look . Because I am feeling so glamorous tonight . Give me my money .
Oh , okay . Should we say , like , my place , like 6 : 00 ? 6 : 00 .
Busy enough . I was working menhaden in Annisquam . But they laid off Labor Day .
No , I-I was wondering- I know I promised no payments till after New Year , but I was just wondering if- if there was anything you can offer in the next few days , that would-that would be hugely appreciated . Richard got laid off .
But I don't- I do n't want you to go . I want you to stay . You sure ?
He just smiles and says : `` Remember I 'll always love you , Christina . I love you now , and I 'll love you forever .
I need to talk to Rose . To Scarlet , I need to talk- Which part did you not understand ?
It would be a disaster of epic proportions . It would be the perfect storm . Let 's get down below .
Yeah , please , anything . I do n't know how to put this . You know , just forget it .
He 's Will Keane . And he owns this overpriced establishment . Overpriced ?
Huge getting massive . Two , this low south of Sable Island , ready to explode . Look at this .
No , her doctor says when it 's hopeless at the end surgery could be an option . Heroic surgery , she calls it . That 's why I 'm out looking for someone to make sure that when the times ... comes , it 's a hero that performs it .
I 'll do whatever I have to do . I 'll tear up the papers . I 'll tell the doctors .
Thank you . Anyway , that made me want to meet you . I 've been a little sentimental about parenthood lately .
Just so you understand what we 're up against . We 're looking at 40 to 50-foot waves , gale-force winds . A real bad one .
They would n't look at you . - You 're going to do this , are n't you ? What is it with you two ?
I 'm doing what I was made to do . And I got a feeling I 'll do it even better this time . How about you ?
Yes . - You bought that dress for me ? - Yeah .
Why do n't you use it ? Because people know me as Bugsy . I 'm gon na shove off now .
Waiting on my ex and my son . Give him lots of hugs and kisses tonight . You do n't got ta remind me to do that , skip .
No , of course not . First off , it 's ... it 's not exactly my style . Second ...
An opportunity . Do you mean sexual or professional ? Sexual .
Yeah , you want to dance ? You do n't mind if I get up in there , do you ? - This is kind of sexy .
I 'm sorry , I wish there was ... There 's very little we can do . We may be talking about weeks .
What do you mean , '' damned '' ? You do n't die from Parkinson 's . Well , it 's not much of a life , now is it ?
I hate you . Ca n't you go with me instead of my husband ? Trey Hannigan .
Thy winds , they wide grey skies ! Thy mists , that roll and rise ! '' It does feel like rain .
Get over here , Trey . Two tickets to La Bohème on the 19th . I hate you .
You were very beautiful . And you have n't changed a bit . - I should go .
They 're just betting you 're going to make that one big mistake . This profession for me , it was a higher calling . You know ?
It 's frantic tonight , a madhouse . - Can you bear with me 2 minutes ? - Sure .
You 'll make your quotas . Let me take you out for a cup of coffee then . Whoa !
People doing things . Like this one woman runs marathons , and another one scuba dives . And they 're pissed off and they 're tired of being marginalized .
I am not a surgeon . The point is not finding someone who 's qualified . It 's finding someone who 's qualified who is willing to do the operation .
Nothing . Just how much you look like your mom , is all . Yes ...
You got any advice ? - You do n't need my advice . - Come on .
Oh , my God . Look , I 'm not selling to the patients , okay ? No .
Just one . Your mother sent me one ... a long time ago .
I only have one photograph and it 's ancient . I have one picture of you , too . Just one .
Engine turning over wo n't you start ? This one 's come to tear me all apart Be still my heart
Yeah . Considering the state of the world , are n't there more important things to be concerned about , like something under our jurisdiction ? Back to work , gentlemen .
Yes . Oh , I thought you hung up for a second . Should I have ?
Oh , okay . It was nice meeting you . It was nice meeting you , too .
These people ca n't afford to pay for their prescriptions here . Maggie , will we have bathroom breaks ? Sophie , remember I told you that there 's a bathroom on the bus ?
Bring Sa// y up and bring Sa// y down Let 's done start Got ta ti// the ground O/ d Miss Lucy 's dead and gone
`` I 'm no longer a destroyer . I am a means of resurrection . '' Now we restore , we revive .
What do you want me to do ? - When he comes back , you call us . - What says he comes back ?
I got no choice . We 're gathered here to share some information in regards to criminal conduct that originated in the Portland metropolitan area but that has far-reaching implications . Let me introduce Special Agent-in-Charge of the FBI 's Portland field office Richard Brooks .
But do n't tell anybody . Okay , well , your secret is safe with me . Annie really liked you , and you know what they say about kids .
Do you think it can be done ? Do n't do this to me , okay ? Pl ...
This is what he wants . Anything you say will promote the site . That 's a possibility , but what would you prefer ?
Within minutes , Andrew Kilburn had pulled it off his TiVo and posted it on five different shock-video sites . From there , Reilly 's suicide was public domain . Something for five billion people to feed on , laugh at , gossip about .
So Mrs. Williams is checking her husband 's e-mail for us . She says he was contacted about the trains through the public TV website . I guess in his bio , he mentions he 's a collector .
Billy , you just shaved one second off your lap time ! Tommy , I do n't know what that was , but it was n't driving . Go get ' em .
As part of the killer 's design , the more people who logged on to the site to witness the victim 's suffering , the sooner the victim died . Millions of Americans chose to visit the site believing that they were witnessing a mere hoax , a stunt or a prank . Well , unfortunately , it was n't .
Yes ! I got addresses on Hillary , Natalie and Tracy . Donny , check the DMV for the remaining cars on the list .
The site 's IP changes constantly . Each new address is an exploited server that 's running a mirror of the site . The site 's Russian name server uses a low TTL so your computer constantly queries the name server 's record .
Which is what happens when you do n't take your insulin for a few days . Anyway , an hour after his body was found Kill With Me went up . And an hour after that , Kilburn 's review was spammed Web-wide .
Sweetheart I got ta go . It 's a real emergency , or I would never leave you like this . - I 'll make it up to you , I promise .
No . I think he taught Chemistry , though . At Marshall Junior College ?
All right . You need a fashion counsellor . All right , babe .
It 's kind of silly . - I 'll show it to you later . - Okay , honey .
This is one of three brand new Mercedes ... a car they say is unstealable . Yeah , unless you get the laser-cut transponder key ... sent directly to the U.S. Dealer from Hamburg . They got somebody working on the inside .
My heart skipped a beat when I got your e-mail . - If they 're really in mint condition ... - My dad and I hardly ever used them .
Come on ! - You were the one who answered the phone , right ? - Fine .
I 'm going out with Toby . Toby 's the guy that I like . Right , well , that should be fun .
That is not a good look . This is a good look . And that 's my mom .
It was a mistake to come here . You have a great life now . I do n't want to upset that .
Get in there . Can we please just make this quick ? Okay , next .
Or the throttle linkage . / t 's your kiss , kiss , kiss The clutch master cylinder .
Yep , bye . Man , so many unanswered questions . Really good .
Wesley and Madison were known around school as '' The Relationship Strobe Light . '' On again , off again , a thousand times . Okay .
[ stammering ] I know . I just like to keep track of you . Of me ?
And people like me do n't date anybody . I do n't know why I thought it could be different . What are you talking about ?
Wesley . Saw you watching some weird Japanese horror movie last night . Were you spying on me ?
You know , like Tony Romo , he 's a Dallas Cowboy . It 's not like he rides a horse , right ? I have no idea what the hell you 're talking about .
Get him down here . He 's got to see this . Chief ?
I do n't know that many people . Well , make some more friends and tell them . What ?
What the shit ? Get out of my way . Wow , that is an interesting dress .
Who are you ? I 'm a member of the orchestra . It 's okay for me to be here .
I worked up all my courage and tried on the dress Wesley gave me . In my head , I think I was expecting some big reality-show reveal . All right .
Milburn closed down more than eight years ago . These books came from there , so he came from there . Okay , good work .
Okay . Is that what it felt like ? That I had n't made out with anyone in a while or whatever ?
Well , I ca n't seem to talk to him without making a total ass of myself , okay ? And you never seem to have this problem . - Do n't you hate me ?
Three years ago my dad left her , and she did not handle it well . But one night divine inspiration struck . You can expect to go through five stages .
Yeah , everything 's fine . Just a domestic disturbance kind of thing . I 'll see you soon .
Brother BTRO 'S . They 's getting handed down to you . 100 % Grade-A '' Beat-Beat '' nigga boots .
You fell , right ? DC told me you was here . So , what ?
You need some help ? I forgot to tell you how much you remind me of your mother . [ engine revving ]
[ screaming ] Do what I say , and you live . I 'm going to kill your mother or your father .
[ Insect Buzzing ] - Today we 're starting a new Why cheerleading , you say ?
Now , if we go to nationals , we could win : If we win , we get a check for $ 20,000 : Now , Penelope , you could use that money :
For reals . Set him up in the tent out front . A tent ?
[ Laughs ] Yeah : I think we covered that : Did we talk about your 1 0,000 part-time jobs ?
See these portraits on the wall ? A 98-year tradition of cheerleading excellence Starting back with the remarkable Margaret Whiting
Think we 're ready ? Well , no one fell tonight : I 'm pretty happy about that :
O 's represent emptiness : And by making me an '' O , '' you 're calling me empty : That 's insane :
Yeah : [ Tina ] What are you looking at ? [ Woman ] What 's her problem ?
Ronald Reagan was also a cheerleader : The three greatest presidents of the last 200 years- all cheerleaders : - Was Ronald Reagan really
Homeboy did n't want to play the rest of the game : Got taken off on a stretcher : The quarterback 's
That sounds wonderful , Grace . Come on , let 's get your father some tea . - Thank you .
I 'd assure him the treatment my partner needs will only deepen my commitment to his organisation for years to come . You really think he 's behind there ? He 's lived behind walls for years .
Come on , off you go have a good day . - Remember to make Daddy remember . Promise .
Oh my Lord . They 're just like little rose petals . What ?
The job description detailed , `` A high level of responsibility in a Fortune 500 company manufacturing state-of-the-art technology in a core service industry '' . All right ?
It arrived while you were out . It 's a lovely old thing . Is n't it ?
Twice . I think we have some catching up to do . - No , I have to see to Mrs Parker .
If we ca n't see it , how are we supposed to find it ? The source must be visible , even if the light is n't . Right ?
He went out into the country . He established Labour 's credentials to create a connection ..... between the new politics we were trying to create ..... and the country as a whole . ( cheering and applause )
Honey , I just want our first time . I 'm not doing it in a car . Women in my age do n't do it in cars .
All of you should thank me . I 've just narrowed down the field , so your odds improve . Odds mean nothing without the question in front of us !
So what 's new and exciting here in Little Wallop , you may ask . Holly 's got a very nice new boyfriend , and she told me to tell you , that you 'd be pleased with her choice . He 's not like the others .
I 'll give you a clue . 10 years ago a lot of healthy young people around the world got sick and started dying . You may have read about that .
God 's mysterious ways . I mean , look at Job and all that befell him . He asks the Lord :
* He 's on it Today was the day Oasis fans at last got their hands ..... on the group 's new album , Be Here Now . It 's their first for two years .
If you spoil your paper , intentionally or accidentally , you will be disqualified . If you choose to leave the room for any reason , you will be disqualified . Any questions ?
I ca n't . No , it 's alright you 're on my insurance . - No , I ca n't drive .
Actually , we do . - Well , you can come and watch . You can hold it for me too if you like .
Oh my God , you would , would n't you ? - There 's nothing wrong with your father . I knew you were a bitch to him , but I always thought you loved him .
Right . Lick it , spit on it , get it wet . If the question 's watermarked we need some liquid to bring it out .
It just became the accessory . For me , running Loaded , ..... the toilet became the new golf course . It was where all the deals were being done .
.. but what British pop music was about at that time . So it all felt like it was leading to Knebworth . But , you know , we were too busy ...
Just tell us what you want . I want to be alone ! You want us to spoil our papers ?
Is that you , Carl ? ( Holly ) No , this is Mark . Nice to meet you , Mrs Goodfellow .
It was n't really like that . But it was a bit unnerving on occasions . I mean , ..... everywhere I went , ...
Maybe not . Sorry , it was invisible light you said you wanted . This looks pretty fucking visible to me .
Wakey , wakey . I thought you deserved a lie-in . Breakfast is ready when you are .
You do n't leave school and go ... ( upper-class ) '' It 's important that I 'm working-class . '' That 's just the way that I was born . I was born into a fucking life ..... of menial fucking jobs .
She knows ! She was going to tell dad . - About the flower arranging committee !
You know what ... Will you two shut up ? Some of us are trying to think !
A lot of things will get worse if they 're not dealt with . They 'll come back to me with the details . - The devil 's in the details , Dad .
And he went '' You mean Junior S Club 7 ? '' It took me 20 minutes to realise '' How do you know what they 're called ? '' I thought they were kids from a special-needs school ..... hanging out at a recording studio , cos it was free food , or summat .
At their level , money ceases to be the prime motivator . It 's risk they live for . They 're type A 's , like us , and just as they were trained by their investment companies , they 're still betting on ideas today .
What 's the question ? - We 've got 74 minutes left to figure out . If the answer takes one minute to write down .
It 's only a bit of fun , Grace . - Oh , ca n't I talk you out of it . No .
Ours . Who 'll decipher the question , who 'll come up empty and fold and who 'll crack under pressure ? You could be wrong .
We 've got a week . After the Cup Final tomorrow , I 'll sort everything out . The Cup Final .
Did n't really ... realise that my , kind of , flippancy ..... was gon na have such , um , ... .. you know , ..... a profound sort of resonance in my life . And , um , I changed quite dramatically after that period .
In one corner , four young middle-class men from the South , ..... collectively known as Blur . In the other corner , five young working-class men from Manchester , ... - .. called Oasis .
He micro-manages anything of importance to his company . And this is no ordinary selection process . We 're special .
Loads of them . Just nobody wants to do them . Well , except retards .
Everything 's become so pop , ..... and so , kind of , calculated , ..... which has worked in certain areas of the music business , ..... cos it 's been going there for a good six , seven years , .. .. this whole , kind of , karaoke , build-your-own-band thing . * Say inertia creeps
Fucking get it together , guys . Get this place cleaned up . Get your cards done in two hours when we 're back .
I do n't need your help . You 'll find it 's you who needs my help . You know why ?
I do n't know how old I was , 32 , or something , ..... so you 've lived your life up to a certain point ..... for 30 years , and then , suddenly , all that experience ... .. and life that you 've led seems to not count for anything any more . You ca n't do them things any more , ..... cos you 've got all these people going '' Urrgghhh ! '' at you .
And you 've always done everything for me . But I do n't want it anymore . I want to make my own decisions .
Good on her . She 's developed a strange obsession with reading these books . The new release of '' life in the boudoir '' ?
Talk to her . Do you understand what you 're doing by staying here ? What you 're throwing away ?
The price is already rock bottom and I wont slash it any further . Is that what our passion is worth ? That 's just it .
At that point I had no idea you were doing 18 months in a French prison . I thought you were on holiday or something , spending your new wealth . So , yeah , I did get worried .
If do n't write the bloody thing she 'll be outing us to the press quicker than you can say '' BDSM . '' I still do n't see why we ca n't just own up , get out of it . Because I have spent the last year berating Jen about her reading habits , not to mention denouncing in print and on screen all things chick and mummy .
You 're not the only person in over your head , Mike . Dan did n't die of an overdose . He got greedy .
[ Laughs ] If you 're a bonobo , I mean , how do you know that 's going to work ? Instinct .
What do actors do when they 're unemployed ? Have you got any vacancies ? Yeah .
I do n't think ... - I ca n't believe you spent the night in that place . I read all about it .
Eddie came to visit me . He said they were taking care of you as much as they could . Said I should n't worry about you .
She 's fetching me some wellies . We 're not supposed to talk . Not until we get to ...
Now , I know you want us to make this into a home too . To build our lives here , make changes . But we have to do that in the spirit in which you founded this place .
Mr. Darcy in his wet shirt . My mum 's worn the DVD out . A scene not actually portrayed by the author , but certainly an appropriate modern screen interpretation .
[ Giggling ] A three , a two , a one ... Go !
David , unlike you to do the lunchtime session . I 'll just have a half . I 'm drowning my sorrows , actually .
Ah , shit . Can you keep a secret ? - No headlines in your paper ?
She does n't blame you . It was my fault , really . You 're my lynchpin .
I think I had enough of this stuff now . Just take them to the charity shop , would you ? No , I wo n't .
Oh . I literally do n't get it . She would n't just leave without telling me .
I do n't wan na move to another country with you as much as I do n't wan na marry you. `` We '' are not an '' us '' , Mike . Yeah , well , I just thought , like .
[ Sarcastically ] Ha-ha . Did you know , I heard that women like guys who make love ? Oh , really ?
♪ I got you , baby I got you ♪ I 'll scratch your back and you scratch mine ♪ I 'll watch your back when you walk the line
Dan . But once the money was out , Eddie expected it all to go in the bag . Come on .
So you 'll do a piece on it for the show , then . Well , I 'll try and find some cultural significance . So , in a world where sex across the media is all too easily available , and the gradual playing out of a love affair is replaced by ... ugh ... instant joyless fornication , we might be well served by looking back
to reflect a constant quivering excitement . And we must continually marvel at their ability to mate at will , like a couple of frenzied rabbits . And in purely practical terms , no e-mails .
To build our lives here , make changes . But we have to do that in the spirit in which you founded this place . Bonobos put us to shame .
The big match on Saturday . Who you got your money on ? United . it 's a no-brainer .
[ Raspberry sound ] [ Chuckles ] Imagine looking into your baby 's eyes . And seeing me smiling back at you ...
I fucking told ' em I 've got ya and if they want you back they 're gon na have to pay . Do you know what they said ? Keep him .
Chaucer 'd be a fine thing . I had to read some myself for a piece I 'm doing . And it got me thinking about the future of the pub .
No coffee , no alcohol . You have to try iboga . Only the tiniest dose .
♪ ♪ At school they taught me how to be ♪ ♪ So pure in thought and word and deed ♪ ♪ They did n't quite succeed
♪ It would take you places ♪ ♪ You kept running ♪ ♪ You 've got money , you 've got fame ♪
You 're ahead of me . Somebody in the shop the other day suggested I try writing something like this to make some money .
Over and over . And I suppose that was a prayer . After , did you feel any better ?
[ Woman clears throat ] The dam that blocks my heart is overflowing with emotion . [ Man ] And my heart 's full to bursting .
I will now reenact what I like to call ... `` What happens ... when murder goes wrong '' When do I go back ?
disappeared into Peshawar . Two years ago , he turns up here in London . I 'm looking for reliable men , I can trust .
Subtitles corrected and American English notes added by AsifAkheir My name is Charles Bronson . And all my life I wanted to be famous .
before she gets torn back into her own living delights and active miseries . And I 'll go back to my room . Was she on it ?
So ... 69 days , was it ? 69 days all to yourself . Another of your prison records broken .
I guess everything sort of started going downhill after I moved away from home , you know ? What did you love when you were young ?
So , uh ... you two brothers then , are you ? - What 's that ?
What Charlie ? You should n't mess around with boys who 're a lot bigger than you . Oh really ?
I am the voice crying in the wilderness , and she is my Messiah . I might not be fit to tie her musical boot laces , but I could 've helped her make records . I could 've listened to her songs and backed her up on simple yet accurately played guitar .
The targets , they selected for themselves . One thing for sure , it 's ... high value targets .
He has the backing of any number of rich Saudis , who are sympathetic to his cause . He 's highly organized and very disciplined . A few years ago he , uh ...
`` Hi , everyone , I 'm Scottish , '' someone would punch you in the face . Absolutely .
Just keep your head down . And I 'm absolutely positivo that we can do this . We can mate .
♪ I made a story up in my head if anybody would ask ♪ ♪ I 'm going to a seminar ♪ ♪ I 'm a genius ♪
You did what you had to . Somethings are only solved one way . Chris used us both .
♪ ♪ Pretty when the wind blows ♪ ♪ I love my tree in autumn ♪
Just come and see me , okay ? And maybe bring Cass sometimes if she can bear it . You 've had a setback , a predictable one .
They 're on the move . Bobby , target is on the move . Roger that , let them go , stick with their contact .
♪ The dawn will touch me ♪ ♪ In a way a boy could never touch ♪ ♪ Their promise never meant so much to me ♪
Who 's is this ? Come on now , who did the crime ? Bombs away ...
I think she thinks I 'm too opinionated and bitter . I know she thinks I just wan na be comfortable . But what 's so bad about that ?
Very heroic . Well , that depends on your point of view , sir . Very confusing , this war on terror .
She came out of Ain al-Hilweh . A refugee camp in Lebanon . That 's a tough town .
I 'm Charlie Bronson . I am Britain 's most violent prisoner . Prison was ... honestly ...
consultants to the program . No disrespect , I 've put my time in , sir . You did , without reservation .
Being a celebrity and all I needed to check out . And I had a good idea how to do it . I will now reenact what I like to call ...
♪ What 's a girl supposed to do ♪ ♪ When a city closes in ♪ ♪ Noise from the lady upstairs ♪
69 days all to yourself . Another of your prison records broken . So tell me Charles Bronson ...
♪ This might seem preposterous to you , but you know what ? Fuck off , this is my dream .
Through them banks there , comes out clean . There is always a war party waiting to ambush you , Miller . Come on , you should know that !
♪ Maybe you would sleep much better ♪ ♪ Baby , you would sleep much better ♪ ♪ Maybe you would sleep much better ♪
Forget about it . He 'll be taken care of . You go home and get some rest .
I was going to give it to the poor , but it was really hard . Why did n't you tell me ? Anthony said not to , because of the tax .
What exactly you hope to achieve this nonsense ? We 're neither I.S.I . or CIA . You knew where the cells were when they were brought back to the UK .
That Sid is not who you think he is , and the other one , he 's into selling drugs , guns , under-age girls , the lot . Christ , Len , why do n't you say that a bit louder ? You 've got Cooking or Geography ?
Right . Have you given money to anyone else ? Not really .
I have 13 warrants to execute on the estate . I hope your witness was worth it . The witness proved unreliable , sir .
A spiritual pilgrimage to the birth place of Ramzi Yousef . He went through the Madrassas in Pakistan , al-Qaeda training camps in Afghanistan in the 90s . He 's completely committed .
Good morning , this Clare Miller with your early morning news update . Former MP Alan Peters will begin his 3-year sentence for fraud , today . Peters was convicted back in September and will serve at least 18 months in Ford Open Prison .
This is not Afghanistan . She knows , believe me , she knows . - That 's why I want you to bring her in .
Anthony . Why do n't we give the money to the lady with the bin ? It 's not ours and we 're never going to spend it all .
You 're a fucking dead man , Miller ! So , you 're the real life. `` Call of Duty '' ?
We 're gon na come down quick and hard on the criminal gangs that control the flow of heroin on the estate . I have spoken to Division and they concur . I 'll be leading the squad on this one .
I 'm on the door . Is it still alright , if it 's robbed ? Can you still do good with it or should you give it back ?
All right . I defended him when I should n't have , but I ca n't let you shoot him , Harry . I ca n't have that .
This is great . Anthony thought there were no poor people round here . Because of the house prices .
You could buy a proper football team for that . I could buy Crewe Alexander for that . Yeah but ...
You do n't say a lot in English at all . This room seems reasonably symmetrical . Apart from the window .
Pity . Sir , I do n't think Harry Brown is a witness . I think he 's our chief suspect .
He must n't do or he would n't . Could n't you talk to him ? - He ca n't see me .
`` such that A , B , C , . '' `` A plus B , A plus C ... '' `` A plus B , A plus C , B plus C and A plus B plus C ''
Walking his dog . I smelt cordite on his coat . Right , look , I 'm sorry , ma'am , but ...
Fireworks night again , is it ? He 's letting you hold his hand , is n't he ? The sparkler helps .
We ai n't done yet . Talk about phase 2 , our cold boy runs round here . Yo , yo , yo where 's the phone at ?
Do you always like to have everything the same ? Because I change my favourite things all the time . I do n't usually like change .
It 's the same pedestrian subway where last night 's shooting took place and both victims were questioned in connection with Mr. Attwell 's death . It 's too much of a coincidence that Mister Brown just happened to be found so close by . So , what you 're telling me is this escalating violence is down to a vigilante pensioner ?
But after a while it would look something like that . And , as we can see , that is a binary number . And a move that consists of turning a face-down card face up and the card immediately to the right of it
I do n't think I 've seen you pissed before . * But you could leave me standing so tall ... Well , you know , who 's gon na complain ?
We have n't any room , but we 've got a stable . So he took them to the stable ... Oh , this is nice and cosy , Joseph ... and cosy Joseph ...
Yeah , I knew . I think his dad gave it to him . - He showed it to me .
Nathan , I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry about the train . So that 's Zhang Mei , is it ?
And if you all gave me two two pences , then we 'd have a tenner . And that 's enough to provide that village with a source of clean water forever . It 's no good to you .
Meat feast , deep and juicy , stuffed crust mate . Two meat feast thin and crispy . - Ah a big New Yorker .
Both scores somewhat disappointing , but one of you will have to go to Cambridge . So , by the smallest fraction of a point , the last place on the team goes to ... Nathan .
Now , we will be training with four other national teams Tn Taiwan . And after some delicate diplomatic negotiation , I can confirm that the Chinese will be one of them .
Why ? Well , you 're on that doctors thing , are n't you ? It 's not real .
Do you ever come across a Saint Maureen ? She has n't been there long . Do n't ring a bell .
Pav . Actually I 'm from Chipping Norton . Yes , but of course I meant your origins , not your birthplace , before we open that little Pandora 's box .
It was fate . We were doing a small corporate lunch , a couple of dozen people , at one of your banks in the city . Anyway , I got talking to this chap Douglas .
You 're fired . Any idea who the father is ? I 've narrowed it down to the fleet auxiliary , but I 've convinced John it 's his .
`` `` No one wants to be ordinary , '' they said . It 's all right being weird as long as you 're gifted . But if you 're not gifted , then ...
( chuckles faintly ) No one guessed until only a few years ago . Even Harry .
I 'm going to go first . You wait here for a few minutes and then follow me , OK ? You stay calm .
( scoffs ) You 're just buying into that straight-dominated way of looking at gay life . If Lars were a woman , you would n't think there was anything strange about her being supported by a male partner , would you ?
What did he do that I do n't ? How did he make sense of things for you ? Nathan ?
Do you mind if we get up ? I think I 'm sat on a set square . I think it 's funny that your favourite English food is Chinese .
I am going to miss that safety and security I feel when I 'm with him . I love you .
On my break . I 've got two minutes left . No , I 'm not smoking .
I bumped into William . He 's bringing his new beau . I do n't know .
When ... When someone you love ... ls subtracted from you ... Then it feels like , you know , that your value is less than it was .
This is no time to doubt . Innocent lives are at stake . Finish it .
* You fall into my arms Are n't you going to run after him ? You 've done everything short of putting your tongue down his throat this evening .
This will take you right to it . Who was the man I just killed ? You have to go now .
`` and each is painted with one of four colours . '' `` Every 2 x 2 square of trains involves each of the four colours . '' `` Every 2 x 2 square of trains ... ''
Why did he sleep in the shed ? - Wife did n't like him in the house . Your wife 's dead .
In America , the American forefathers fought the British , beat them hands down , and now what are they ? They 're the biggest superpower on this planet . Why ?
You 're on my . Just I need to open up . Do you want to come in ?
Short for Ashraf , yes ? You look how they 've killed Muslims , huh , - in Bosnia , Chechnya , Kosovo .
But she wanted to know if I was interested in buying the business from her . Well , of course , I said it was a lovely idea , but there 's no way I could raise that kind of money . She 's virtually giving it to me .
Lawrence Wright 's upstairs . Very Greek name , is n't it ? There are hardly any roles for Greeks as it is , so why should he get the part above a real one ?
Means I 've got to get another assistant . I 'm so glad I did n't get the job . If you go on a soap opera , you can get typecast , and that 's so not where I want to be at this point in my career .
You say to him ... My friend , you say to him , `` Let 's stop the murder of Muslims . ''
' Please do n't hurt me any more , James . 'Where are you ?
It 's a good job . Gives me time to drink . Think , I said think !
I 'm sorry . She 'd have been 34 this year . She had nothing to do with all ...
I wish Mum and Dad had n't been there . But it was n't all bad . There were trips to see it , organized by the Adam Smith something-or-other .
Anyway , I need a suit for the funeral . Wondered if you had something that might fit . Yeah , we 've got a couple of suits you can give a go .
For those of you looking for reasons , then I suggest you pay attention to what I have to say . For far too long , you 've ignored what is happening around you . You 've not seen the inevitable that is coming at you .
' I felt responsible for the boy . 'But I was trying to turn over a new chapter in my life . 'Events sent me a bit gaga .
Stock , equipment , everything . All I 've got to do is pay for the van , and she said I could do that whenever I had the money . I 've already thought of no end of improvements I can make with the menu .
I have enclosed the evidence I have accumulated and proof of my identity . Since sweeping to power last month in a landslide victory , the new government has been quick to make domestic security the top of their agenda . Having been given a mandate by the public with such a resounding election victory , it 's our duty to follow that lead , and to prioritize making our country absolutely safe from these cowardly terrorists .
Oh , William . They were at Westminster together , you know . Yes , I know .
Used to drive me fucking nuts . So full of forgiveness and love ... And I stomped the love out of her .
The beautiful woman with the diamond earrings . J ' Per non morire al primo incontro J ' J ' Ed egli alcontro in pena chiamera , chiamera J '
You 'd hear her going up the stairs . And it was like boom , boom , boom , boom . And I swear if I put a cup of tea on the sideboard , you 'd see the same ripples in my tea .
Full marks . You timed that one rather well , did n't you ? Scoff .
( Reporter on TV ) Iraq has increased the level of its oil reserves by 24 % since Saddam Hussein was removed . The country has 133.1 billion barrels of extractable oil up from 115 billion barrels estimated previously . - Under Saddam Hussein ...
'When I got out , I thought I 'd make a new start . ' I do n't do the drink like I used to . I just decided enough was enough .
♪ Or we fall ♪ We grow strong ♪ Mum !
Poor old Morse . You were never Oxford material . Too bloody decent by half .
I forgive you . I pray to God , but he does n't hear me . - It 's OK .
Talk to her mate Valerie . See if she 's been holding back . She might open up more to someone nearer her own age .
I 'm only ... Hey , good to see you . How are you ?
Oh , it 's murder all right . Sex case , like as not , the way they go around with all on show these days . Just not found her body yet .
Very good with a gun , I hear . I want it low-tech , old trade craft . If you get caught , I do n't want evidence .
It was essential to her plan that the two dresses appear identical . But what she failed to take into account was that she is two sizes smaller than Mary . The shop girl remembered at once .
That 's the reason why I want to look at his stuff . Just to give Darius some peace of mind . It 's in a police storage outside of Luther .
You did ? Hey , look , you 've no idea what he was like . It was awful .
Anyway ... I need to examine Darius . Well , it seems Dr. Hill 's testimony is as much a liability for Ms. Rice as it is for you , Mr. Decosio .
Just until the Worlds . You do love to do things the hard way , do n't you ? Yeah , you know me .
Would n't know . Any word on those extra bodies ? Request has gone in for reinforcements from Carshall , due first thing tomorrow .
Get in the car . Darius Grady is a patriot . He served his country honorably and well .
The news from the 65 team is that Trix Warren 's injury puts her out of the games . This injury could spell the end of her career . Let 's hope that 's not true .
Inside . Whatever was good of her . Come on , then .
Tragic , yes , but not recognized symptoms of PTSD . What about other possible battlefield influences ? Gulf war syndrome ?
Mary Tremlett 's poetry books . Well , what 's all that about ? Well , do n't know yet .
There 's such an amazing vibe here in London . It 's great to see a capacity crowd . We 're coming to you live from the heart of the capital , and we 'll keep track of all Britain 's medal hopes .
I hear you have n't got a coach . Why do n't you tag along with Lisa and I for the day ? Yeah , all right .
This is who Darius wiped out . Then he calmly called 911 to tell the police . He calmly confessed to what he had done .
Do n't care who you pimp to , or whose pal you are down the lodge . You try and come it with me , I 'll break you . Was in my pocket all along .
Oh , I 've ... She died when was 12 . Should n't have asked .
I 'm not starting . Fourth place in that time with a hangover 's actually pretty good . Come on .
Yeah . - You did n't say she was coming . - Sorry , girl , my mistake .
That 's absurd . You did know her , though ? Miles brought her to a drinks party .
What do you think now ? Think you should take some time off . Let me show you the real Texas .
You see , got Rowan , my husband . It seemed like more than a fair exchange . The one did n't preclude the other , surely ?
I mean literally put away . And I mean put down . Well , I know it 's Texas .
Can they edge ahead in tonight 's sprint final ? ... Focus and concentration from you , okay ? This is n't about them , this is about everything that we 've worked for .
Wicked thing , blackmail . God knows I 'd have done the same if it 'd been my daughter . Burnt the negatives .
I believe that , despite the severity of the crime , Grady 's confession , his remorse , make the lesser penalty appropriate punishment . What if after this interview I discover Darius has got PTSD ?
They 're still the top three . Ana ' here we go , in to the second change-over . That 's not bad , but Great Britain seem to have slipped back to fourth place .
I do n't know what is or is n't anymore . Darius said Lucy was trying to tell him something . That 's the reason why I want to look at his stuff .
She already got her slot . If you run the way I know you can , the last one 's yours . - All right ?
What am I gon na do , Carl ? I mean , they do n't want me here . They just want me to crawl back to wherever I come from .
Did n't want to leave any bodily fluids . And Loren was stabbed 30 times but only died because her carotid artery was severed . It was two blows .
Did you see my time ? Brian , did you time me ? Where was your watch ?
Decosio wanted Loren . She burned a hole in his brain . Why did the fbi send you in ?
I 'd dream that I was running the race the night before , every time . I know what you mean . In my dreams I just run faster and faster and it all goes a bit blurry .
Nothing we ca n't recover from . This trial 's far from over . You have a safe flight home , Dr. Hill .
I believe , and the people of Luther believe , that these crimes deserve it . Sentencing is set for September 14th . Court is adjourned .
I 'm sorry . - I think you 've had enough . - What ?
Excuse me ? Daddy 's little girl wanted to run anchor so Daddy made it happen . - I 'm really sorry ...
What about the graves ? Usually I know the victims . Or have a sense of them .
So what you lookin ' at him for ? Are you the bad man that killed Kirby ? - Yeah .
Oh , uh ... Julie Rice is acting DA . She 'll , uh ...
The jury will disregard the witness 's remarks . Look , I mean , what can I say ? He annoyed me .
Any madness . Any given day some next madness . You know that ?
You saw them . They were promised a fairy tale , and most of them will be as good as dead in a year . I have earned every penny .
♪ This story 's dark Like the place where this story starts ♪ Full of fiends and gangsters With gory hearts ♪ Drugged-up girls Dressed up like naughty tarts
♪ Feed the fear that 's What we 've learned ♪ Fuel the fire Let it burn ♪ Oi !
He 's a busy man . So ... you know he 's here there and everywhere , but he will be here . Could be him !
♪ So I 'll be a fleeting sound ♪ ♪ A light way out on the water ♪ ♪ Then I 'll know his secret name ♪
Maybe he 's another corner in the jigsaw . Smells like pork chops in here . Oh , for fuck 's sake .
Remember them . And do n't you go getting smart with me . You hear me ?
♪ Start a fight and ... ♪ ♪ When the story ends , you best be prepared to die ♪ ♪ As soon as you close your eyes ♪
Good . Tonight you 're handling the money . You get it right ,
no why not ? Kelly came up she untied me did you stab him ?
You two go back a long way , man . Just tell him that , well ... `` Just tell him that ... you know . '' He 's a shark , Keys .
when did you start smoking joanne ? come on , when did you start smoking ? i do n't know
No No , that 's allright so what you doing here so early ? got an early train
He could be a real liability . I mean , you put him under pressure , you never know what he might say . - He 'll be fine .
Now ? ca n't i just drink my drink first ? of course you can
Who the fuck are you ? - Stewart Allen want 's to see you Why ?
Yeah , ok Right , this goes no further ok ? This is between you and me
yeah i see you in half an hour , bye Come on then where is that you was just calling ? my mate at home , he 'll get us both something to eat why ?
No . I have nothing to lose . - But you do .
I need to find a girl , and I need her for tonight - Well , I do n't know anyone , do I ? Well you 're gon na have to go find someone then , ai n't you ?
♪ Girl like me so hard to find ♪ ♪ I 'm a love machine ♪ ♪ I 'm a young boy 's dream ♪
Is there a fire escape ? We need to get out of here . Liza , think .
So , what are you doing here ? Do n't make this difficult for me , Pete . You know why I 'm here .
what have i got to do ? just have to see someone for me who ? just a friend , Kelly will go with you and all right ?
`` To the directors of Derby County Football Club . We , the undersigned players , are unanimous ... in our support and respect for Mr. Clough ... and Mr. Taylor . And ask that they be reinstated ... as manager and assistant manager with the club . ''
COME ON , WE ALL SAW IT . WHY AM I THE ONLY ONE THAT WILL SAY IT ? THEY WERE -- THEY WERE BLANK , NOT RIGHT .
Each man for himself ? And I think it would be better if you do n't ring here again . These are heady days for Brian Clough 's Derby County ... champions of England .
DO YOU NEED ANYTHING ? DID YOU LOCK THE DOOR ? EMMA , I TOLD YOU TO LOCK THIS DOOR .
Let me ask you a question , Uncle Sam . What 'd you come into football for ? Support the football club of my hometown .
I HATE ENGLAND WHEN IT GETS DARK BEFORE 4 : 00 . ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU 'RE IN SCOTLAND . ANYWAY , I GOT THE HIGHEST MARK IN MY YEAR FOR PRE-MED .
LOOK , ONLY ONE OF US NEEDS TO GO . I DO N'T WANT YOU RISKING YOUR LIFE AS WELL . I 'M COMING WITH YOU , AND THAT 'S FINAL .
AND NOW HE 'LL BE AFTER US , PICKING US OFF ONE BY ONE . IF BECAME POSSESSED , WHY DID N'T HE KILL PETE ?
PERSONALLY , I 'D RATHER BE MAROONED HERE IN THE DEPTHS OF WINTER . WELL , AS LONG AS I HAD A GOOD BOTTLE OF WHISKEY , AND A ROARING FIRE . YOU 'RE RIGHT , I SUPPOSE I WOULD N'T MIND BEING STUCK IN THIS PLACE FOR A FEW WEEKS .
THERE 'S TWO OF THEM . THEY MUST HAVE A PHONE . OR A GUN OR SOMETHING .
We 've got several things in common . But the main thing we 've got in common is we want the same things . You do let him speak from time to time ?
YES , MOM AND DAD LIVED IN MANCHESTER FOR YEARS , BUT DAD 'S PARENTS WERE FROM HERE . BUT IT 'S BEAUTIFUL .
He should 've stayed with Peter Taylor . I 've heard he 's the one with all the talent anyway . Well , I 'll tell you .
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN ? DO N'T YOU THINK PETE LOOKED GOOD TONIGHT ? I DID N'T NOTICE .
I 've a lot of people to thank . I 've had a lot of support , all year . Yeah , you enjoy it , Don .
Yes , Irishman , I 'll have it here ! I see nothing on , nothing on . Back to you , back to you !
WELL , THEN , IT 'S AN 800-QUID DIARY . ACTUALLY , IT ONLY COST 600 . - HOW DO YOU KNOW ?
OF COURSE I DO . THEY 'RE JUST UP HERE ON THE RIGHT . SO , IT 'S THIS RIGHT THEN , THEN ANOTHER RIGHT ,
Giles . Oh , that 's a strong challenge on McFarland . That was diabolical !
Tim : LIGHTWEIGHTS , THE LOT OF YOU , LIGHTWEIGHTS . Andy :
HOW LONG HAVE YOU AND TOM BEEN GOING OUT ? HOW DID YOU KNOW ABOUT ME AND TOM ? THREE GLORIOUS YEARS .
RIGHT . GLAD YOU ALL MADE IT IN ONE PIECE . MY NAME IS TIM .
SHE SAID , `` IF YOU EVER MEET A MAN CALLED PETE MacGREGOR , FROM SCOTLAND , WHO SMELLS OF WHISKEY , DO N'T EVER PLAY BACKGAMMON WITH HIM . ''
I did n't want a child . You know , I could barely cope with the one I had . He was , like , eight month or something .
Saying he thought I was a daft choice . - Well , he 's entitled to his opinions . - I 'm entitled to mine .
Mother . You two better stop it before you end up fighting . - Keep out of it , you black bastard !
Beautiful . I tell you what , Brian . If we can beat this lot , we could go all the way .
I had short back and sides . I was n't into feminine things because that 's not , that 's not what I knew . But I soon learnt .
Will you be supporting Leeds today ? - You 'll expect nothing less ... having been the manager for 13 years . Fact is , I 'm here today as England manager .
Steve used to have to pick me up from school . They used to have to let me out five minutes early . I was working at a place with a guy called Dave and Tracy .
Chairman of Derby County . Chairman long before you ever showed up . Oh , that 's right .
I 'm not having it in no hospital . - You 'll have it where you 're told . I 'm not going to hospital !
Look , I wo n't tell you again . Have you seen what you 're doing to her ? - Who ?
WILLIAM : The bottom line is , I 'm all messed up . ( Billy Two Hats sings in blues style ) J * The bottom line is I 'm all messed up ...
I mean , I do n't find it shocking to write about it . I have had a few reactions but I do n't think it 's nothing to worry about . You know , I 've only had , you know like about three people complain .
( Mary laughs ) They do say that even in the deepest coma hearing is the last sense to go , so ... do talk to her . And touch her .
So I read the plays submitted to the Young Writers ' Festival , and one outstanding one was in fact The Arbor , Andrea 's first play , which was written in green ink , on a school exercise book which had been ... The pages had been ripped out .
Thanks . - You were n't calling no-one , were you ? - No .
And then it just ... It just went downhill very fast . I started drinking at every opportunity , smoking weed every single day .
Shut the door ! Kirsty , we ca n't leave them on their own . Do n't call anyone , will you ?
`` My auntie 's gon na do my bedroom and do this and that and give me this and that . '' So off she went and I went , '' Well , fair enough . '' So off she went back up . And then , again , she took another overdose or something and social services brought her back down here again .
I 'm proud of her . ( interviewer ) Mr Dunbar , where do you think she gets the writing from ? - Why do you think ...
They said if she got off the drugs and got rid of the bloke that she were with , she 'd stand a chance of getting them back , but she did n't . You know , there were so many drug addicts on the estate . They knew what you were doing , where you were going , who you were ringing .
I was just being downright bloody selfish . I just ca n't for the life of me see how they could come to a conclusion , that somebody heavily on drugs , erm , with her background , you know , could think she were capable of , you know , maintaining a normal , safe environment for Harris . You know , it just does n't ...
Business Studies. `` Do you want to marry the florist 's daughter ? '' '' Not really . Do n't like her .
What ? You 're not fairying out on me now , are you ? No .
Eating dog shit by the taste of you . I 've been working on getting the money we need for Dr Johnston 's next round of treatment . Really ?
What ? You let people walk all over you . Well , that 's exactly what I was saying .
But I do want to help with the boys . If you need any help , that is . Cos I do want us to get on .
The longer the better . The longer the better , Johnny . Six years , four months , two weeks ,
I want the money , too . But taking it tonight is a mistake . Why ?
`` To Kate and Julia , my darling granddaughters , I leave my wedding ring and engagement rings respectively plus £ 100 each . To Mrs Ball , who helped with William as a boy and has looked after the girls so well since Anne 's sad passing ,
Fuck them . Let the tide get them . Showers upstairs , third door on the left .
There was no wrecks and nobody drownded . Fact , nothing to laugh at at all . '' ( Mobile rings )
And try and wake Delta up and get her out of here . Me and Jermaine will sort out this mess . Delta ?
Not Leroy . You get caught clipping me , who takes the hit ? Not Leroy .
I am sorry , William . But I 'm so pleased that you were able to be here . It will have meant so much to her .
The reason I do n't want no breast-feeding is cos I do n't want Kirsty getting attached to this baby . I do n't want her to keep it . And I do n't want her to keep it cos Kirsty 's only 14 , right ?
You sure you wan na ... I was reading a magazine the other day . I was getting my hair done .
Pull him . I want my daughter back . Maybe then I 'll live .
A good-looking girl on her own in the town , I 'd be worried somebody 'd be trying to pick her up . Only if it was me .
You had to kill me when you had the chance . Put the gun away , or I 'll shoot her death . I ask again .
It 's just so romantic . Confessing to save the life of your lover . It 's like Shakespeare .
Professor Monro at the Royal College gets all the bodies now . Now when the demand for a certain commodity supply , it creates a business opportunity just waiting for the right kind of clever entrepreneurs to step in . Ladies and gentlemen , gather round !
We discuss it . You had to kill me when you had the chance . Put the gun away , or I 'll shoot her death .
Fresh ones , mind you , in good condition . That wo n't be easy , Doctor . Mr. Hare I 've never asked you how you came by these subjects .
Let him go , dog . There is an outside dog . It sounds insane .
As men of science , it is our role ... nae ! Our duty to be in the vanguard of that movement . - This is not the time for rest .
Dear friend ... I come from ... people to fight such a gift . Let 's deal with his jeep .
Let 's hear this very , very good explanation . Not content with butchering his own patients , Monro has now taken to using political influence to hinder the advancement of medical science .
We can not exchange it for Julie . - He does not know that they are dead . And he wants me .
They have taken him . They do not let all this behind . They come back .
And I believe I shall prevail in His Majesty 's competition . And how will you do that , Doctor Knox ? I 'm creating a complete map of the human body , both inside and out .
Quite the salesman , are n't you , uh , Mr. Hare ? Could you make it 5 pounds 10 shillings ? What with so much ... construction work going on in Edinburgh , if we were to , uh , stumble on any other unfortunates ... would you be interested , Doctor ?
Call the police , but still . Then interrogate us different agencies . Then we are off the streets , and so did she .
Come to buy a ticket , Danny ? Blood and guts are n't entertainment for me , William . They 're business .
Goodnight , William . I need to make more money . Fast .
I only have one sister . Did your family persuaded to come to the wedding ? They do everything down to stop him .
These are just his mortal remains . You seem to have given this an awful lot of thought . When have I ever let you down ?
Why do you spoil it ? Because no one stops me . Piece of shit .
When the hurly-burly 's done . When the battle 's lost and won . That will be ere the set of the sun .
Sonny did . Tonight there will be a fight . - Where ?
Want to die young ? I shoot through your head . When can we see our wives ?
This is an outrage . I demand to speak to the ... Solicitor-General !
Uh ... just , your ... your speech there was ... it was wonderful , madam . - Doctor .
Next ! Miss Clarissa Windsor reading for the part of Macbeth . Thank you !
You 've done well tonight . Tell Ludwick and the new guys ... it goes well when they fight like you . If they fight like Sorin , keep it up .
Great guy . Emil was one of our most respected philosophers . Emil Cioran .
'Some breaking news for you . Reports of a major incident in North London . 'Possibly an explosion at a Premier League football stadium . '
Is this the one I copied ? - That I 'm not supposed to have seen ? - Yeah .
What kind of language is that , hey ? 'And now the news at 6 : 00 with George Alagiah and Sophie Raworth . This is the news with me , George Alagiah and me , Sophie Raworth .
How come ? I thought you had this weekend off ? You could say no sometimes , Lenny .
'The death toll as a result of the May Day bombing has risen to 920 . 'But police estimate there will be more . 'Forensic experts believe that six suicide bombers'were responsible for the attack .
Reports of a major incident in North London . 'Possibly an explosion at a Premier League football stadium . ' Fuck !
You worked out the odds . - No , we assessed the risk . You got it wrong .
I had n't realised you were the wife of a colleague . I was dressed as Pocahontas at the time . Actually , she has asked me to move out .
Yeah . Why have you got that rabbit ? It 's my little boy 's .
You 're gon na be late . Still , if you 're motor does 180 miles an hour you might just make it . Do you want to have lunch with me ?
Now , in you get . Tomorrow we 're going to the seaside . 'So , if I 'm going to show you my life , I better start here .
' 1,000 balloons launched over the capital in memory'of the victims of the May Day terror attacks . 'Many of the victims ' relatives are there to see the balloons ' release . 'So , too , is the Prime Minister .
Hey , babe . Robert , you know we 've got basic ethics and understanding of law on Monday ? I could really use some help getting my head around it .
Look , man . Just do me one favour . Stay here and look after Mum .
What you move for ? We 're having a little chat - I chat to you , you chat to me .
So what d'you wan na see her for ? - I thought she might know who 's after me . Yeah , she might , but I ai n't seen her .
I could n't bear it . More than one woman lost their son that night . - Lord God .
Safe for what you did , blood . - I did n't do nothing , man . Listen , I ai n't trying to be spars with you , you know .
I 've got a proposition for you . Call it a peace offering . But if I give this to you ...
What ? You a bad man now ? You kill someone big ?
Oh , shit , you 'd feel pissed ... - Sorry , would you like to sit down ? - Thanks .
And another thing , do not under any circumstance try to come to my sister 's party tonight . Candace is gon na be there with me . If she sees you , she 's gon na know something went down with us , so do n't .
So you gon na give me the gun or what ? Why do n't you just sit down ? - I do n't wan na sit down .
It 's at Nikki 's house . Nikki 's parents gon na be there ? I do n't know .
Ah ! You know , everybody around here is talking about him , it 's not just me . He 's not doing a very good job .
♪ People give them distractions ♪ ♪ Robbed and maimed a soul ♪ ♪ Pain of success
Oh , yeah , from who ? No , come on , Chris , from who ? I ca n't say .
Wesley . Came to talk me out of it ? No .
I already got a fucking shadow . You know what I 'm saying , huh ? Yo , J , why you saying this , man ?
I 'm sorry , okay ? I promise we 'll never talk about your diary again . All right ?
Ms. Wakefield . I need to talk to you for a second . - I 'm running really late for work .
It 's looking good , man . Yo , E , man , put this shit in the trunk . Yo , back up , back up , back up .
You think ? Take care of your mama , woot . - Who there ?
You guys are over here on this side . There 's your bed , right there . All right ?
I said I do n't wan na sit down ! I wan na get the fucking burner so I can get the fuck up out of here , so quit playing games and hand the shit over . I hate motherfuckers like you .
Wait till two AM its on ♪ ♪ I grab some Krylon ♪ And creeps across ya lawn
Go change . I just got to tell you my father , Walter Deeds Senior , is smiling down from heaven right now on this moment . We took over his competitor and caused him a lot of stress over the years , so I 'm very proud of it .
♪ When you 're holding ♪ I 'm feeling all right ♪ ' Cause nothing feels like
But you must not come out of the closet , all right ? And I 'll be back to check on you in an hour . Put the participation and the operating profit , and you take that from the gross ...
So nothing , I guess . I wish they would have shot you . Hey , Sean !
♪ We live and we learn . We rise and we fall .
No . Why did n't you tell me ? Why did n't you say something to me ?
`` Run tell massa '' ? I know about the old white dude that owns this place . He 's evil to all you employees .
Yo , what up , Chris ? Yo , come here and give me a hug . Shit , I 'll give you more than a hug , baby .
You remind me of your father . I told you , you should n't get married . Natalie is a respectable girl from a very fine family , unlike that trailer-park cheerleader you married .
Experiences of abuse that your son endured , but the fact is that James has a record of unstable , even violent behaviour . He could be a danger to the other children . TRACY :
♪ Oh the stars , on me ♪ ♪ Still nobody knows my name ♪
All right , we 're just going through a rough time right now . And I do n't like it , but she has to learn to be responsible . You see how ridiculous you sound ?
What the fuck ? - It 's good to see you too , Chris . What 's been up , man ?
And you guys would n't fuck my brother , either , right ? Well , I might fuck your brother . He 's kinda fine .
It reminds me that without freedom , I 'm alone . And these whitewashed walls do n't make up for blackened souls . I 've given 95 % of my boys a handshake than a pound , before they were either locked down or buried off in cemetery grounds .
WOMAN ON RADIO : We can expect light onshore wind coupled with an upper level low pressure drop off the coast that will deepen the marine layer across the coastline today ... LINDSEY :
♪ ♪ Well , the children still dying in the street ♪ ♪ And babies still living with disease ♪
Why the hell do you care what I think ? You really kill five people ? There 's a giant bay ... and in the middle there 's a rock ... and way up high on the mountain ... there 's a 100-foot tall statue of Jesus Christ ... with his arms spread out .
All we need is a second chance . If you 'd just see me ! If we could sit down and just talk ...
I 've never been so insulted in my life . Sir , if you could just give us a minute . ( SIGHS )
Admire it . Wish I could have one just like it , and it 's mine . They always give me something nice .
This guy was trying to screw you over . I was just showing a little initiative . A little initiative ?
You know , everybody around here is talking about him , it 's not just me . He 's not doing a very good job . He 's sleeping with several staffers .
She wo n't get in any trouble . We sleep in the car . ( CAR APPROACHING )
Got ta do some stuff . Think you 'll feel better if you stay for breakfast ? No .
No . I 'm not sure you do . I want the fuckin ' money , Roc .
( WHISPERING ) Just follow me , all right ? Look , it 's lights out , so you want to be quiet , okay ? Yeah .
Come on ! Yeah , I see a single gun , I kill every one of you motherfuckers .
What part of town ? I do n't think you 'd know it . ( STOMACH RUMBLING )
Then who is she ? She was in the restaurant with Devereaux . I 'll run a biometric match .
No . What if we 're making a mistake , right ? What if ...
That 's what a 12 gauge can do . Loaded with a doubled-up buckshot and fired at point-blank range . And just the right angle .
What is that smell ? I think it was better with them closed . So thanks for taking the trip down with me .
No . His real name is Simi Denisov . He was Federov 's right-hand man during the last Chechen conflict .
That 's okay . - I 'm gon na go to bed . Okay .
Thanks . I just put an ad in the paper , too . Gon na rent half this place out for the summer .
Okay . But we got ta wait till later , though , when the sun 's going down . Hey , do you like root beer ?
She never wrote before she met him . I have n't read any of Dad 's books . I 've looked at them .
Mom got real mad and started crying a lot . That 's when they found her up in her bedroom . She had a long rope around her neck .
I 'm not being a chick , you fucking ass man . You 're hurting me , really hurting me . One turtle would 've made a difference .
And if anyone 's listening at Langley , with half a brain in their head , they know what I 'm talking about ! I 'm talking about the ownership of Arkady Federov ! Are you listening ?
He barely talks to her now . I got chores to do . Do n't tell anyone what we talked about , okay ?
Give away my position , though . Always willing to die for the cause , Mason ? Fear is the enemy , you taught me that .
You know what , Faith ? I knew you did n't have it in you . Shut up .
Go . Here you go , take this . - Use the service elevator .
It 's a bad habit . Do you remember when we watched Robin Hood ? - He knocked on my window .
I do n't know if Sophie will go for that . Well , after your performance tonight , things might change for you . - Wan na go to my house ?
He did n't expect to see me there . He was doing exactly what I would have done . We tried to kill him .
And I 'm playing the best tennis of my life . Maybe that 's an illusion but it feels that way . That 's good .
This is gon na be tight . It 's gon na be like having a big sister around . You 're sure this is okay with your dad and everything , right ?
His paper on Gatsby was quite brilliant , I thought . It 's one of his favorite books . That may be , but I do n't believe he 's read it .
I 'm Lola . What 's the first three digits of your social security number ? Faith , and why ?
Your mother . I wanted to talk about Ivan so you do n't hear it from anyone else . Frank may have already said something .
Get the Pwnie . All right , let 's do this . Open up a Linux terminal and start an Nmap , dude .
No , but it 's crazy not to go after this guy . - Jonah , what 's the sales tax ? - We 're so close .
Mason , give us a hand with this mike , will you ? Want me to put your Corsage on too , Miss Prom Queen ? Yeah , yeah , yeah .
Your notes were awesome , Bernard . I loved your idea for the change in tense at the end . It could be the coup of the story .
Do n't worry about your glasses . Okay , I 'm gon na give it to you spatially . Three v three phone style .
I 'm not running ever again . Running is better than dead . Thank you , Peter , for saving my life .
Our separation agreement says she handles tennis and winter coats . - I do sneakers and camp . - Okay .
Take what you want , do as you please . What happens if they come back ? We leave .
The blue tile here that says '' Zero '' corresponds with the green cube . The yellow tile here that says '' Six '' goes with the cube .
I 'll get it . Walt , you wan na come to my class tomorrow after school ? - Yeah .
Someone is here in Belgrade to kill you and it 's not me . I can tell you who it is , but I want something in return . OK .
Do you wan na wear that ? Come on , let 's check it out . The network is currently unavailable .
You 're very welcome . Biometric mets from Belgrade Airport arrivals coming up . It says four hours ago .
Well , I 'm looking for a new agent first . A friend of mine 's an agent with Binky Urban . - Lf you like , I 'll show it to him .
So wide . I hope we can get across it . We should go inside .
Okay . - It 'd be nice for him if we 're both there together . Maybe we could all go out afterwards .
What did you want ? I wanted to be better than you ! What does that mean ?
Top-left last . Nic , I 'm having a hard time handling this . They made me drink some weird stuff the other day and I have n't really been able to feel my arms .
I 'll kill you . If you hurt her , I 'll kill you . Funny thing , Peter .
Nineteen-7 . Have you given more thought to what you 're interested in ? Come on .
Just give me enough to keep it interesting . Maybe I 'll make a mistake . You owe me that much .
Please try again later . The two subjects , considered possibly contagious , have escaped from a medical research facility . Nicholas Eastman and Haley Peterson are believed to be traveling on foot and should not be approached .
Now where is it ? Now be calm , all right ? If you must shoot someone , shoot me , not Miss Glick !
If anything , it 's my fault . I was the one who wanted to follow Nomad . I do n't remember .
When it is in the box , dude . When Linda stock lasagne she ends always in bed . - Why do we have this conversation ?
Three . - It was nice meeting you . Goodbye , Miss Glick .
No , no , we 've talked about it . I 'll take care of it . Relax .
Next to the bathroom with its sign upside down . It 's stuck at 12 : 30 . Nic , it 's a broken clock .
This is Susan Milton . I will talk with my son . Excuse .
Yeah . Can you remember their names , James ? Extraordinary , your will to survive fueled by your anger , your fear , loneliness , frustration .
Nothing for me , thanks , but my uncle here will have ... Some escargot , the coq au vin and a bottle of Margot . And the same for my nephew .
You 're coming home with your family . The sleeves like a family to me . The sleeves as a family than you are .
Nicholas Eastman and Haley Peterson are believed to be traveling on foot and should not be approached . Please alert your local authorities . Thank you .
`` Come back later . '' Can not we just put a note on the door ? - '' It 's busy. , We fuck ? ''
Get back . Telegram for Mr. Harry Witherspoon . Is he in ?
Sphere , green . The blue tile here that says '' Zero '' corresponds with the green cube .
Now you hear anything else . Phil here is a delicacy . He ​ ​ could easily lit , if you had blood in your body instead of coolant .
must know where she is . Did not she say something ? She packed her bags and said that I would not look for her .
[ Porter ] Mrs. Segal in the video had to be Norma Segal , a name I had noticed in the nursing home guest book . She visited Frank Crowley twice every week . I tracked her down to an address in Queens .
I do n't understand . Oh , I 'm sorry , Mr. Witherspoon . This is your Uncle Anthony .
Yes , you do . You just called me Mr. Witherspoon . - No , I did n't .
[ Caroline ] If you 're really going to play this kind of game , it gets really ... interesting . It gets , um , it gets exciting , sort of . I do n't know .
We measure best volume by displacement . Imagine a beer mug filled with water . One takes the object into the mug and measure how much water is left .
Structure seems solid . Wait , do not say anything . There should be a skater ?
Okay . I want to marry you . [ Caroline ] Now , I know it sounds completely crazy , but I had just been sitting there thinking how I was probably going to have to leave New York , and in walks this enigmatic , weird , brilliant human being .
I do n't drink very often . Uncle would n't want his champagne to go to waste . And besides , I do n't want to drink on my own .
It 's about when I was a little girl and I really wanted a horse . And every day , I would ask my stepfather for this horse . I used to beg him , so much ... [ inaudible whisperings ]
She 's not your daughter . Remember those balloons you bought for Linda ? That '' good recovery '' nonsense ?
What are you worried about ? We 'll find him if we have to call every hotel . I 'll never forgive you , Rita .
What the hell does it mean ? He says you are leaking . - Tell me you blush ?
Fuck with you , and she tears your heart out and leave your friends eat there . But you treat her well she gives you the planets , gods , - - Heaven and Earth .
Yes , it was a video camera card . He gave me this whole box of , uh , little plastic things . I ...
I 'm not . - This is not Tony Hendon . Of course it is .
Five dollars . - Was not your name Darcy ? - Jo .
I do n't want Mr. Chen . I want you to chase me . Well , I 've got a million things to do , you know .
What , like a tree house ? No , like a real house . I 'm moving out .
I need that video card . [ Mrs. Segal ] Such a small , little thing . I have no idea what could be on it .
Not mine . Look , Mr. Witherspoon , let me give you the big picture . You hate dogs ?
♪ Nights would be the same ♪ ♪ If I never met you ♪ ♪ Your name , just a name ♪
But my uncle left me that money . And anyway , I do n't get my inheritance until the end of the week . - Do n't give me that .
Hello , Hotel de Paris ? Um , avez vous un Harry Witherspoon registered chez vous there ? Oui , I 'll hold .
Please do n't . - I really wanted a horse . Just tell the story and I wo n't push this button , okay ?
I 'm not even hungry . Yeah , I actually ordered a ... a large portion of the shrimp with lobster sauce . I figured it was pretty neutral .
[ screams ] - [ Porter stammers ] - Oh , my God , get out ! - Shh !
What the hell is happening ' ? My mom reminds me of Blanka . That 's the sound I hear whenever she speaks .
That 's why . Hey , I expect to see you in the church tomorrow . We'II both sleep on it .
The original is somewhere you will never find . If you ever contact my wife in any way ... I see .
This is a waste of real time , Davis . You can check under the bus if you want . There 's not a lot of air that can make it under there , but ...
Oh , Sally-bird . Everything 's going to be all right . - [ Tommy ] How did I get here ?
So , tell me how you met Simon . I was living a sort of tired , pretty girl , New York life , you know ? I had no money .
I got a lot more cooking to do for tonight . Ouiser , you 're still gon na bring by your shrimp meat pies , right ? I certainly am .
The poor man 's wit . My question for you , Gary , is : How do you want me to eat these with my normal human mouth ?
Yeah , yeah , I know , I know . Just , okay , before I make a big decision , I always , you know , say to myself ,
[ groans , then winces ] It was only a matter of time . It was stupid .
Medical teams , they fly all over the country in helicopters , bringing people livers and hearts and kidneys and such . And the most impressive thing , is they carry those organs in their beer coolers . Oh , stop .
I could n't go to work all day that day . It 's OK , Sam , because I have $ 300 to contribute . Sam , I 've only got two plus two ... but I need one for stamps , so 1 ... 2 .. : 3 .
You have a tag on your pants . Did you buy new clothes for this ? It comes like that ...
Needed a kidney . I 'd take it out myself . Oh , that 's no big deal .
Davis . - No , I do n't want to get on the bus . I 'm a licensed therapist !
Only in there . And your secretary when you hated your desk . Green and yellow on the same plate .
( LAUGHING ) Do n't put ice down my back ! You should 've drowned him at birth . Shelby , get that out of there .
That 's a wonderful choice . Two cappuccinos and a Hazelnut Frappuccino . Two Orange Mocha Chip Frappucinos .
JOE : The venom has already entered his bloodstream . FRANK :
And now I ca n't imagine my life without him . That 's how it was with me and Lloyd . We missed it to 40 years by three months , the stinker .
No more shrinks . I 'm sorry , Mrs. Dawson ... but if I were you , I would n't waste any more of my time . Sorry , Mrs. Dawson , but I think you should put Sam in a home .
Stronger . If I had to do it over , I 'd get bitten again . ( chuckles softly )
That one hit her quick . Yeah , she definitely got too much insulin , that 's all . Father God .
Break ground with me , man . Look , I 'm sorry , Joe , but I ca n't do this . Call me when you get home .
Whoa , rope in the attitude , mister . This is your mother you 're speaking to . - Come on , buddy .
It 's the same old story . The tears and the tears . Oh , my God .
I just want to ... I want to hit something . I want to hit it , and I want to hit it hard .
Shelby ! No , I do n't want the doctor on call . I want to speak to Dr. Miller .
We can put a balanced meal on the table . I mean , we answer to no one . We 're men .
No , it was just getting too heavy in here , and we needed to laugh . Oh , Ouisy , you know I love you more than I love my luggage . Yeah , you are too bent for color TV .
And then he gave that part to John Lennon ... and he wrote the part that said ... `` I love you , I love you , I love you . '' Annie said that it would n't have been ... the same song without that ... and that 's why the whole world cried ... when the Beatles broke up on April 10 , 1970 .
Hell , come on . A girl told me that a man that can dance . Might could possibly get down with a tool in his pants .
It 's part of our training ... how to deal with people who want the recipe too bad . - Oh ?
It is clear that one 's intellectual capacity ... has no bearing on their ability to love . Your Honor , would you please instruct counsel ... to proceed with a modicum of sensitivity ? I 'm very sensitive ... especially when I see someone like you ... walk in here and try to give meaning to your life ... by screwing up somebody else 's .
No , Joe , I seriously doubt that . So , uh does Patrick have a really big , crazy beard now , too ' ? Yeah , yeah , his is a little more serious than mine .
It 's so considerate . Um , well , I do n't remember that much about it . The rape , I mean .
Listen . She does not feel like talking to you right now obviously . Now get your shit and get out of here , man .
Is that too big ? I think that 's a little too big . You need a pair of good , sturdy school shoes .
( smacks lips , exhales ) Heather , do you remember when Dad quit because , um , you would n't trade him BO ? - Remember that ?
We do n't have that , though , sir . Do you want regular pancakes and Jam -- I do n't want something else !
Did you think I was gon na call you back ? You 're pathetic , you know that ? Every week you got a new bitch .
And then I would like to have French pancakes ... with the fruit topping on the side . We do n't have French pancakes . We have French toast .
The crepe pancakes ? I do n't even want crepes . I want to have French pancakes ... with the fruit topping on the side .
It 's terrible . How did you get off work tonight ? I got Stevie to cover my shift .
You know , Skip Martin and Kelly Slater and all that . Yeah , Skip Martin , I know . Local surfing legend .
Run ! I find at this time ... it 's not in the best interest of the child to remain in the home . And I order her detained ... until a formal jurisdictional hearing .
And , Sherry , I suggest you take this very seriously . Any vacillating on your part
You got time ? It seemed like you were in a big hurry the other day . I can be that way when I 'm shit-faced .
* Tell her I 'm sorry . * Tell her I need my baby . * [ Music fades out ]
It sounds like you gave her such a lovely party . Yes , I 'm sure it was . Right now , I want to talk to you about your legal rights .
That 's what became clear to me when you startled me . You did n't , you did n't mean to startle me , you walked by , but I just ... so I wanted to say thank you .
It 's just that ... it 's just ... I 've never lost at anything . - Daddy ?
Yeah . And you do n't know my friends . - Or our families .
Babe , no . Thanks , but I like doing it myself . Are you kidding me ?
I think , in a couple of months , I 'll be up to speed On all the songs , we can get rid of Eric , 'Cause he 's just giving Sherry fits .
You have n't drank any of the beer I brought you . I 've had a couple of them . How was your night ?
My God . That sweet little girl never had the chance To become a woman of integrity because of you
I just left the couch sitting on the ... ah , fuck ! Yeah , I think I 'm gon na need stitches . Oh , God , I 'm gon na be sick .
* People around your head * They say everything 's been said * * And movement in your brain *
* They say everything 's been said * * And movement in your brain * * Sends you out into the rain *
Thanks , hubby . Oh , I like you a lot . So sweet .
That 's how good she was . Hello , my name is Peter . I 'm an alcoholic , and still drug addict .
I want you to call them and tell them what happened to Carrie . - Tell them you hired me ... - Are you fucking kidding me ?
Damn it . I ca n't find my sock . You sure you do n't want to just spend the night ?
Beautiful girl . I 'm telling you , a woman like that make a boy into a man . I can see it on you too , it 's starting .
What about names ? You do n't exchange names in a place like that . Not real ones , anyway .
Through the ministry of the Church , may God give you pardon and peace . I absolve you from your sins in the name of the Father , the Son and the Holy Spirit . Amen .
♪ Was the end of that ♪ Was the end of that ♪ Was the end of that , oh
I want you to get it for me . The kid at the front desk will let you up . Apartment 11g , key 's above the door .
You know , they need to make a connection with you , and that way , you know ... I know it 's a little political , but if you did that for me , it would make me very , very , very happy . Sure thing .
Your bedroom is one thing . You know this is the kitchen , right ? What 's for dinner ?
What 's going on ? I got a black van . He circled us twice .
I 'm starving . I just have to make one more phone call . Do you ...
Well your dad worked two jobs , barely made ends meet , right ? And then , God bless them , but he and your mother die and they leave you with a house with two mortgages and a pile of hospital bills . That 's not what they wanted for you .
Say , er , 10 : 30 . It gives you over an hour to get there and set up . Leila .
Why not ? No , do n't go in the water . Why not ?
Our Ashcroft ? - That 's why he 's got the cane . - No .
It 's all you got ? Do you think it needs a box ? No , I think ...
`` a 25-year old interior design major at Brooklyn college '' `` was found at green-wood cemetery . '' `` Andresen had been missing 2 days when Eduardo Solomon , ''
Hi . I ca n't do any more phone calls . Oh , yeah ?
Your man takes off with the cash . You and I wait until you feel good , then we go home . You could grab me .
We 'll set up 50 yards apart . You 'll be in place first . You 'll see us arrive .
Good . How late did you guys get ? Not late enough , apparently .
You know , right now . That 's what I was afraid you were gon na say . Here you go , Matt .
Sometimes , I think Kenny left that money on purpose . Yeah , I 'm sure that what it is . I 'm sure this is all exactly what he wanted to happen .
So what ? Yeah , I 'm not getting into it . Come on .
Hinges ? Those hinges are tempered steel . Yeah , but the pins are n't .
Watson ? You know how lucky you are ? Scudder .
We just have to sneak in through Mexico . What do you think the aesthetic is again ? The aesthetic is ...
Look at that . Tell me that 's not art . Okay .
When you 're satisfied , you let the girl go . Your man takes off with the cash . You and I wait until you feel good , then we go home .
He was a great mentor to me and he was -- He was my best friend . I do n't know how much of this he expressed to you how deeply proud he was of you when you joined the service . And I know both he and your mom would be proud to see the way that you stepped up for your brother , Jimmy .
So , we came up here and we watched them for a while . They said they wanted to help her too . So , you followed her ?
Yeah , but the pins are n't . If we can drive the pins through , the hinges will come undone . We got less than 40 minutes to do this .
Now , the name although may be a problem . I may not have it right . It 's a Russian word .
Two regulars , one with cheese . - And get me another one to go . - Another one to go .
Come on , Ty . Come on , we can still make this work . Open the door .
Here 's to it . They dropped a power line on the truck . Fifty thousand volts .
All Scotch , no crabs . Is there a bread basket ? You know what , let 's talk about something else .
Blue frogmen are non-requisite support personnel . Waiters , photographers , caterers , band members and so forth . Oh , Donna , look .
It 's your feelings for her that are killing your game . If there 's one thing that you learn tonight , it 's this : The power of a relationship lies with whoever cares less .
Put those on ... or I will . Maybe once upon a time . Your time is over abuelito .
The alarm is already set . Look , Jenny , I do n't , uh , stay over , you know what I mean ? Wait , Connor , listen .
I want everyone to go home . Did you hear what I just said ? We just ordered breakfast .
I 'd like to introduce you to Kako Tatsumi . She 's a Japanese archery champion . She 's going to be helping us out today .
Dinkum , are you okay ? Oh my God , are you all right ? - Henryetta ?
You get it ? '' Dick-tat ion '' ? Please , I 'm actually at this party . BOTH :
Sorry ! Let me see , let me see . - That 's a.50 caliber .
No Dinkum , what about the lines ? This is the phone and cable . Electricity 's over there .
I ca n't believe I 'm saying this but , uh , I think you might be right . So you want to get married ? - I do .
I 'm booked solid , ladies . But I will find you , okay ? WOMAN :
So , what 's next ? Well , now we 're going to watch a romantic montage of you and Jenny set to Cyndi Lau per 's '' Time After Time . '' [ SHOUTING ]
Okay , so ... So we can turn our back for a half hour . We could do that .
Okay . A couple of truckers stopped in town . They were n't too happy to see me .
Get the hell off my property . The company I 'm workin ' for , gon na ' pay you a lot of money . - You do n't have to do a damn ...
Following which ... Following which , you will live happily ever after . [ CHUCKLES ]
And I pushed them right back into his body cavity and willed him to live with my tears . And that is what true love is . Hue !
Look ... I understand that you want to move on . You 're young .
CONNOR : Well , hang on a second . Let me help you carry your luggage up .
You know , in my country , the police say '' Gracias '' after being paid off . If you 're going to continue driving like a maniac , Can I stop playing hostage now ?
What a beauty . - Where the hell did you get this ? - Vicky ?
I need it tonight . And I 'll pay you cash for it . It 's kind of- it 's peaceful in there , huh ?
Military background , heavy weapons . They 're building a moblile assault bridge across that canyon . - Oh really .
Where you going ? Well , let 's hear it for Scarlet . She is just waiting for that big bad wolf .
And nothing would give me greater pleasure ... than to demonstrate ... How good I really am . But since you 're still going to need to look the part of an escaped hostage .
Yeah . Give him something to remember . Oh , shit !
Do you feel a deep sense of loneliness ? Wish that you had someone special to share your dreams with ? Do you ever wonder if there is that special person waiting out there just for you ?
How 's it feel to be my husband ? Today , I must say that I 'm the happiest man in the world . Let me show you .
And I could n't help but think about you , how lonely you must feel inside without love . Do you want love in your life ? Yeah .
Can you come closer ? I 'd like to get a good look at your face . Okay .
Watch this wave , cap . 2- 3- 1 , looking good . Transfer at will .
Give me the gun . You want to die , right ? I can help you .
I got old legs . They might be old , but they 're not dead . And it 's a slow song .
Sullivan ! I got ta hit you with a fish again to get you to work ? Lightsticks , now !
My mother just recently passed away , and my father died in a boating accident before I was born . That 's what she told me , anyway . You have doubts ?
I know you have problems . I heard you on the phone . We all have problems .
Did we come out here for nothing ? - It 's a lot of money . - Let 's make some money .
1000 hooks in the water before dinner . I want 40 miles out there . Three-mile buoy out !
Then again , I love to fish . Son , you 've got a problem . I know .
Stop , please , I got to find my daughter . I got to find my daughter . Please , please , it 's an emergency .
Tell those guys forget it . We 'll get our gas somewhere else . What do you think ?
Yeah ? I like the different colors . Yeah .
That 's what begets their courage . Well , we 'll dream for you Billy Bobby and Murph Bugsy Sully and Alfred Pierre . Sleep well .
It might account for the limited conversation . I could always put in an adjustable band . - That 's perfect .
I just wanted to say goodbye . No one ever said goodbye to me before . Well , goodbye , Irene .
Maybe it makes a sad girl happy and a desperate guy think . Anyway you look at it , one thing ... treat her nice . What do you mean , '' desperate '' ?
There 's stuff ... in the kitchen . You want to give the candy to the trick-or-treaters ... when they come ? One , two , three , go !
That 's a nice name . Why do n't you use it ? Because people know me as Bugsy .
A unique . He 's a very wise man . Are you sure he 's not hitting on you ?
I guess . - Who 'd you think it was ? - My friend , Simon .
Okay , now , remember . Hospitals have a no-reps policy . Does n't mean we ca n't give the docs a nice , dry walk from their cars .
With Will Keane , right ? - Yeah , do you know him ? - Only by reputation .
' Cause you 're interested . - And that would make me nervous ? Yeah , your mind 's telling you one thing , your body 's telling you something else .
Do n't you have a restaurant to run ? What 's more important , is what do you want for Christmas ? No , you already gave me my present .
I do n't know . Maybe it 's a good thing . Maybe it makes a sad girl happy and a desperate guy think .
I need to talk to you . I think you 've wasted enough of my time . What I did was ... very wrong .
Oh ... But I could get it for you , if you want . Oh !
Forget it . No wait , what were you going to say ? I do n't know .
I have never cared about anybody , or anything , in my entire life . And the thing is , everybody just kind of accepted that . Like , '' That 's just Jamie ! ''
But somewhere along the line , say , sixth grade , a girl smiled at you , or a bunch of girls smiled at you , and , ta-da , Jamie 's good at something after all . Actually , it was the fifth grade . Why do n't you have a boyfriend ?
I thought I just caught my brother masturbating while watching me have sex . Well , I was focusing on her . Oh , '' her . ''
Yes . But in this case I do n't have anything to lie about . Nothing happened !
Maggie , will we have bathroom breaks ? Sophie , remember I told you that there 's a bathroom on the bus ? - Okay .
It 's a PDE-5 inhibitor . They lucked into it during trials for blood pressure medication . Guys had massive boners the whole time .
This was all wrong . This was a mistake , right from the beginning . You 're a kid ...
Yes . The woman who just passed by here and went in the door ... ? - Yes ?
I just could n't give my father the satisfaction . Does this generally work for you ? What ?
Do n't forget your pager . Come with me to Chicago . - Keith !
Listen . I 'm an agent with the FBI . I need you to connect me to the Portland field office .
Something for five billion people to feed on , laugh at , gossip about . Reilly had a son , Owen . He was brilliant .
I think I 'll take a shower first . The acid was stolen from a research lab at Marshall Junior College . The thief apparently knew his way around .
Yeah . My apartment was burgled yesterday , and they took my Parkinson 's meds . But my symptoms are pretty good today , so it 's '' kind of an emergency . ''
Mmm-hmm . And then , from behind his back , he pulls out the goddamn carbon copy - that the school sent home .
I think that 's great . She can come to my party now . Make sure to send her mom an Evite .
I told you I do n't know anything . - Yeah , but you 're a liar . - You 're gon na get me fîred , man .
Each new address is an exploited server that 's running a mirror of the site . The site 's Russian name server uses a low TTL so your computer constantly queries the name server 's record . That 's how it gives you a new address consistently .
What about it ? Well , why use his account ? I mean , maybe it was n't random .
Nice one . - Here 's that guy I was telling you about . - Oh , yeah ?
Donny ? '' Low Rider . '' A// my friends know the/ ow rider Yeah , the/ ow rider is a/ itt/ e higher
Any visit to this site , no matter how brief will only hasten the victim 's death . Any American who visits the site is an accomplice to murder . We are the murder weapon .
Lives in Sellwood , works for Burnside Executive Charter . Friday night , got back from a shuttle to Mount Hood , called his wife says that he gets an e-mail from a friend of a friend offering center-ice seats to the Winter Hawks game . He promises he 'll be home afterwards .
Y-Yeah , I told you everything I know . I know that because I said , '' This is everything I know . '' Detective Drycoff , does it seem like the suspect is violating his parole right now ?
Let me get one first . Somebody order a bunch of pizzas ? - Thank you .
If you wan na participate ... - well , then you call Mom and you explain to her ... - and an old man ...
All he cares about is getting the kitten 's collar ... Which I suppose is a lot of money if you 're flipping burgers . What I would like to know is , why him ?
It took us three months to get a magistrate to give us a wiretap on ' im . No other division , including GRAB , can go near his person , residence or place of business , all right ? - I just ...
Yeah , what else ? Miller appears to be a decent guy . He 's a Vietnam vet coaches his daughter 's soccer , they go to church every Sunday .
I found it highly entertaining , especially at the end . The way viewership increased exponentially like some sort of epidemic . Can I see the basement ?
And why is he killing them on the Internet ? My guess , none of it 's random . None of it .
Burn your own copies ? You know that 's illegal , right ? Ca n't say they did n't warn you .
We// , gee , / think you 're right . Yeah , well , you know , it 's a funny thing . The little son of a bitch evaded me .
Hi . Griffin invited me to his birthday party . Yeah .
B , it 's a party . You should wear something cute . Here .
I promise , I did n't send the video , okay ? I overheard Madison bragging about it to her friends . I mean , the angles were n't even from where I was sitting .
The word '' homecoming '' itself conjures up feelings of warmth and comfort . High school offers me none of that . I know some people will tell you that homecoming is about celebrating , but to the majority of kids in school , it 's just another night where you feel pressure to find the perfect date , the perfect outfit ,
Try it . How 'd you find this place ? I used to run up here a lot with Pepper , and she would always make a direct beeline to this rock .
All right . And this year 's homecoming king is ... Drumroll , please .
Laser-encoded keys ... that send a message to a receiver inside the car . You want to tell me what you 're ... you 're doin ' with these ?
No , ma'am . Right , sir , but if you could answer the question -- Oh , I propose that even if you left here today with a name , you 're no better off .
Make yourself at home . That 's Japanese tea , by the way . - So enjoy .
That 's crazy . - What 's the crab doing right now ? - Oh , I 'll go get him .
Call me back . Hey , I got your message . Yeah , forget about it .
I ca n't even believe this . I ca n't believe for five seconds I thought that ... - Bianca , Bianca .
The latest DNA check on the blood tells us what , Alice ? Nothing matches the database so far . But the maze for Jenna Marlowe was drawn in Simon Campbell 's blood .
Excuse me , I ... ca n't do this . Hey , I see you have a reusable bag . You 're not listening .
Jesus , who the fuck is that ? That is who we believe is Dr. Ronald Pendleton . We found his ID under the tub .
Step seven : the date . Okay , we need a plan . You think a football team runs on the field without a strategy ?
I put a gun in my mouth , and I pulled the trigger . When I woke up , I looked like this . Pendleton was right .
It 's a harmless little gas that will knock you right out . See you when you wake up . [ heavy thudding ]
It 's not like a big deal , okay ? I mean , like , every group of friends has one . The one who does n't look as good , thus making their friends look better .
Yes , please . So , I mean , how do I look ? Is this good , coach ?
The official story : '' The Milburn guards were cleared of all charges . '' But they closed the place anyway . Yep .
Bye . [ metal gate banging ] [ doorknob rattling ] Hello ?
Who does n't love a girl who knows the Dewey decimal system ? Do you think the other numbers are a branch code , a city , a state , or something ? Maybe .
Have you ever met somebody that might do this to you or anything ? Please , there must be a reason . I just --
You do n't do that , JTRO . Well , I just wanted you to know that ... you were right . L Dub was dip stickir half the whole town .
I just ... I just want to get some sleep . Of course .
See you . I 'll help you with the next one . Peace .
It is my business . He keeps making it my business . He just dropped these off while I was in the library .
I could call the cops , you know . But you , uh ... you look like maybe you like to party . Excuse me .
Yeah . I was going to come talk to you earlier . - Shit was all just ...
They match perfectly . The last crime scene and now this one . We got zero fingerprints , zero hair .
But what about the rules ? Nowhere in the bylaws that it has to be the varsity team that goes to nationals : - Why ca n't it be us ?
The rest of the time , I 'm working : Well , I do work-study in the cafeteria : Part-time in an audio store :
Head cheerleader , Whittier Smith , insists her squad is ready to go : We are definitely going to win : We 've got a great team , we 've worked extremely hard and it 's you know , Rocky beat Apollo Creed , right ?
I gave it to you ! Did you bleach your teeth ? Did you shave ?
But , um , it 's not my real name : My friends call me Derek : Well , hi , Derek :
How ' bout you ? Well , we have this new cheerleading squad : Yeah :
Then what ? Without L Dubba E my dad ca n't get booze . And when he do n't gots booze , he turns to drugs .
Twist her like Silly Putty : If you make her half as great as you are , the national title will stay here Remember the school motto --
All these carpet baggir fut buckir bitches from the 245 and us from the 248 . We gots to be ready for anything . That 's why we gots to get each other 's backs , to the end , a'ight ?
We 've got a great team , we 've worked extremely hard and it 's you know , Rocky beat Apollo Creed , right ? [ Man ] Uh , Whit , he lost : He lost :
Come on , y'all : [ All ] We got Stinger spirit ! Come on , y'all :
Lift it off your mom ! [ Screaming ] Lift it off her ! Too late :
Help us to perform the double back handspring into as your only son Jesus would : This is a big sporting event for us : Guide us in leading this team to victory :
Do you actually think your roots are natural ? You are not born with roots ! [ Squeaky Voice ] I was too !
So , what do we do now ? And when I 'm asked : '' Why do Vicars always answer a question ... by posing another question ? `` , I always reply : `` Well , why should n't we ? `` ( Laughing )
Seconded . All right , all right , all right . - You 're not gon na shoot me .
I 'm not doing it in a car . Women in my age do n't do it in cars . That 's the sort of thing my daughter does .
Shall I put the kettle on ? `` So , between you and us , I 'd say life if very good indeed . No dramas , no crisis , it just ambles along in its quite merry way .
Art historians use it to make reflectograms of the sketch outlines beneath paintings . If there 's a hidden layer in our papers ... Carefully .
Of course I know it ! I 'm the Vicar 's wife , Lance . I 'd have to drive half a day ... before I 'm not recognized .
He 's blossomed . '' ( James Brown ) That was Damon 's accurate line of the ' 90s . There was a blizzard going on .
Resilience is a key attribute in these dark times , and if you ca n't survive our selection process , you wo n't survive in the job . Many highly-qualified candidates tried to get this far and failed . You have succeeded .
Hope you do n't mind . No , no , , I was just practising for the convention . It 's very thought provoking .
I think we 'd all passed when we walked . All each of us can do is lose what we 've already won through selfishness , stupidity and impatience ! Deaf was right .
* Misshapes , mistakes , misfits * We 'd like to go to town , but we ca n't ... * Around that time , it seemed like something was happening .
But , please , do n't tell Petey , because he 's so excited . Grace , can you come and look at the pie ? - Of course , dear .
God 's Mysterious Ways . I think , it 's a good title , Reverend Goodfellow . I really do .
No Surprises ) A lot of the people were ambivalent about being in Vanity Fair ..... in connection with Cool Britannia . Yet on the other hand , they kinda did wan na be in Vanity Fair .
What are you doing ? I will not have this family torn apart after all we 've been through . She knows !
What does that mean ? I suppose just in your looks . I 'm a pretty boy , yeah .
He ejected two of us : why should n't we eject him ? - Call it justice , or karma if you prefer .
Scientific term for it is '' near-ultraviolet '' . It did n't work , but it was worth trying . If nothing else we 'll come out of this with great tans .
Mrs Hallyway rang me about her of faith . She was on the verge of losing it . - I know the bloody feeling .
We just ca n't see it ? What if it reveals the question too ? They 're not gon na make it that easy .
When we were making Blue Lines , ..... it was the beginning of the post-Thatcher thing , the self . It was all about self , and nothing about community at all . I never felt that British , you know .
Inertia Creeps ) * I want to x you * I want to x you ...
Unless you want to make a list of our brainwaves , White , I say we cross a few off as we go . Fine .
I 'm so glad we can have this little chat . What have you done with Lance , Rosemary ? - You know , I prefer Rosie .
Silly . Probably busier than Oasis , us . * Today is gon na be the day
Because I like winning ! Now tell us the truth , Dark . Please ...
Which now they tell us needs draining . Which is a bit of a farce , as you could imagine , but I 'm sure we 'll sort something out . '' Ripped by Figeto
Such a breakthrough creates unanticipated dilemmas . Too great for any one man to bear . People are gon na need this product , and we can only make so much at a time .
Good morning . Hi , you have n't seen Clarence , have you ? - No , I 'm afraid not .
It 's great ! '' It 's an Oasis tribute band called Wonderwall . And it 's good , I 'll go there now .
God would never stand in the way of such a beautiful young woman . Will you find your way back to me ? Could you ?
The gift of life for millions . Such a breakthrough creates unanticipated dilemmas . Too great for any one man to bear .
They were the group who were going to break through and make it . And they did n't , because they lost their nerve . And , so , um , there was a hole there , ..... um , within that particular aspect of pop/ rock culture .
If it was a nation state , it would rank as the world 's eighth largest economy . Next year that rises to sixth . You may have read about that too .
Fucking do it ! Go on , it 's my left pocket . Go on , try again , it 's in there .
Love to you all , Mother . '' `` Dear Mother , how many months has it been now ? Two , three , four ?
OK. We 'll take those odds over the alternative . You win .
You 're wanted , are n't you ? They invited you to apply . I 'd say we 're disadvantaged because you showed the initiative to apply .
I felt stupid . And I felt , er , ... ( sighs ) I just felt ... very confused .
I 'm sure they 're smart enough to realise that . And if I could talk to the CEO I 'd assure him the treatment my partner needs will only deepen my commitment to his organisation for years to come .
* I do n't believe that anybody * Feels the way I do * About you now *
Mike , how you doing ? Can I call you back ? Slight problem with Mike .
I trust her . Anita 's got a sense of humor . What does it say ?
Three men in macs and an apprentice . I 'm sorry you feel like that . In fact , I 'm sorry we started the whole thing .
[ Laughter ] * on this island , this silence is all mine * * there is no one to say otherwise * * if you tell me you love me I wo n't hear * * I am too busy losing myself in my mind * * in my mind * * in my mind * * in my mind * * on this island the silence is all mine * * there is no one to say otherwise *
Yeah , thanks for that . - What Justin means by that ... Yeah , I know what he means , you smug gits .
Now , seriously now , yeah ? I 'll do cash in hand , all right ? Just under the table , no questions .
Can I let you know ? Well , when is Lily back I 'm not sure .
Yes . And then '' tie me up and tenderize me '' ? Bloody hell .
We 're leaving . It 's not the first time we 've talked about it . But ...
So where did it all go wrong ? When I stopped being a hooligan . Fucking Eddie .
Is everyone waiting ? Apparently Malcolm and Ralph have something to resolve , upstairs . For God 's sake .
And it just was n't fun . What do actors do when they 're unemployed ? Have you got any vacancies ?
[ Faint laughing ] If you want to join them , it 's fine . Do n't be silly .
No . - I 've got a job for you anyway . - What 's that ?
I know it 's hard for you , being on your own . And you 've always done everything for me . But I do n't want it anymore .
A big house in a town where she can make friends who are n't her neighbors . I want her to have more choices than I had . I want her to Fe ...
Oh , sauce . What are you going to ask me to do ? [ Man ] Snow me how much you want me .
Maybe even host a lecture series . That 's why I need her out of the way . Ugh .
I 'm a small-town journalist . I 'll probably never write that novel , because by the time I 'm ready ... By the time the children are old enough ,
Oh , no , not this time . If I were you , I 'd try putting my money on the underdog . You might get a pleasant surprise .
Breaking bad news . 24 , well , no , 23 times ... One of them did n't turn up .
With the greatest respect , I 'm not quite sure what point there is discussing this with you . I need to talk to Lily .
I was trying to redefine my overdraft . All right , that wraps things up . Thank you very much , indeed , for coming this evening and asking so many interesting questions .
Hello , Malcolm . Wo n't you excuse me for a moment ? Right .
Fucking Eddie . I would n't be here if it was n't for him . I 'll be sure to tell him that if I ever see him again .
Helen 's u-cast forms are due in four weeks . Before you know it , she 'll be at her interviews , with or without subfusc . I 'm sorry , Celia , I ca n't help .
Yeah , of course . We can go to my pub . If that 's okay .
Yes , I do . And I think I can cope . Jen , there 's something else .
[ Sighs ] Ralph wants to call a meeting . Have you heard from her ?
Hey , babe , it 's me . Could you give me a call back when you get this , please ? I just hoping we could talk .
But you 'd better accept that my lovely sister is the only one of you who comes out of this with any dignity . Now how much money do you have left ? About 900 quid .
She 'll be back after lunch . Without or without Mrs. Goggings ? Ralph .
Now , as you know , the online channel has done better than expected , so in preparation for the full broadcast offering later in the year , I 've decided to introduce a weekly cultural show . Good luck .
Well , how do you know ? Because we stopped using condoms . [ Snickers ] Uh , condoms break .
She 's raw as hell , but she can certainly access it . She may be an actress , but I 'm afraid she 's not on my radar . She 's not a friggin ' missile .
♪ ♪ No matter when , or where , or who ♪ ♪ There 's one thing in common too ... ♪ ♪ It 's a , it 's a , it 's a ... ♪ ♪ It 's a sin ♪ ♪ It 's a sin
♪ Okay , I get that most of the things that Eve says about me are true . I think she thinks I 'm too opinionated and bitter .
Look , I like you a lot , but chances to star in a film do n't come along every day . If you 're talented , they do . You do n't need to ...
I would n't be surprised if they started to discuss your release date . I mean , look , it 's just my opinion . It 's not necessarily the opinion of others but ... you know , if there 's one thing I am , I am a very good judge of character .
So what ? - You want to get yourself killed ? I 'll burn his fucking drugs .
So ... this is the post office I did over ... This is what I got away with ... And this is what they gave me ...
♪ Little Miss Plucky ♪ ♪ Pluck your eyebrows for the crowd ♪ ♪ Get on the airplane ♪
♪ And I loved your city for the way that it looked ♪ ♪ And , girl , I loved your body and I loved your hair ♪ ♪ It 's a gift to the world , and it 's a gift you should share ♪
Oh spare me the Oliver Twist routine . Charlie , love , you need to build your audience . - I give you fucking magic in there !
♪ But I need a friend , and I choose you ♪ ♪ I 'll tell you the way I feel ♪ ♪ The truth is crushing like a heel ♪
We ... They were assigned designated locations . The targets , they selected for themselves .
What 's the matter Charlie ? - You want me to take you through it again ? - No .
All I know , is that they 're being brought in by boat . I do n't know times , or dates . Just that it 's gon na happen , very soon .
7 days a week . 365 days a year of pure unadulterated living ... breathing ... hell . But for me ... prison was finally a place where I could sharpen my tools ,
Why the silence ? Your men were becoming sloppy . I could n't take the risk .
♪ ♪ I 'm all alone ♪ ♪ This is a holiday ♪
And maybe bring Cass sometimes if she can bear it . You 've had a setback , a predictable one . I mean , you must 've had some good times this summer .
Today it 's oil , tomorrow , water . It 's what we like to call , the God business : Guns , Oil and Drugs .
♪ ♪ it 's a sin ♪ ♪ At school they taught me how to be ♪ ♪ So pure in thought and word and deed
And she 's perfect cover for him . - She came out of Ain al-Hilweh . A refugee camp in Lebanon .
Yeah . Do you want a lift ? Yeah .
I deserve to go to prison for what I did . I want my hotel room back ! Well I 'm sure you 'll find yourself some solitary .
different mommy , same dad . I hear you 're something of a hero . - Who said that , did Dan ?
Parole ! And just when I was about to make a name to be reckoned with ... - Oh yeah ?
♪ You 're the loser ♪ ♪ I wo n't dismiss you out of hand ♪ ♪ You 've got a beautiful face ♪
You know what I realized today ? Whatever the outcome is , I 'm easily disposable . Do you know where the cells are ?
we 'll have to wait . I can wait all day ... ... I 'm not going anywhere fucking cunt No other fucking way ...
Look , I 'm not in the habit of making deals with prisoners . For your recent escapade you will be punished . Again ... block .
Is there anything you do know ? I know that the member of the I.S.I ... can only be appointed with the approval of the CIA . - What ?
♪ ♪ It 's a sin ♪ ♪ Everything I 've ever done Everything I ever do ... CUNT !
Well ... Mr. Danielson here tells me that you 've been doing extraordinarily well in your creative endeavors . - Champions a budding Magritte .
Neither of whom you 've questioned in connection with the killing of this old man in the subway . Of course , you 'd have known all this if you 'd been at the briefing . He was with the Royal Marines , stationed in Northern Ireland .
We said we had your inhaler . Can we get your room keys ? What are you gon na do in there ?
I know . - Are you planning a war ? It 's necessary , I 'm starting an army .
And I said , '' What if you do n't believe in Jesus ? '' She said it would still do me good . ♪
Can somebody help me ? Can you phone the police , please ? Can you phone the ambulance ?
See that ? You get your men trained up . I mean some proper army shit , you feel me ?
Are you really a Saint ? Well , the criteria 's very strict . It 's notjust a case of doing good and all that .
We have three injured and looks like two dead . Request immediate medevac , Roger so far ? Over .
Lisa , where were we , brain or brawn ? What are you looking for in a man ? I 'd have to say brain every time , Johnny .
I just enjoyed having a wedge . It was n't really the money . I just liked having it .
Not infiltrated . The I.S.I . and the CIA is Al-Qaeda . What exactly you hope to achieve this nonsense ?
Chanterelle ... Stay there , in the house . Oi !
Come on ! The van drives off with a reckless disregard for life . Rapid response goes after it .
Christ , Len , why do n't you say that a bit louder ? You 've got Cooking or Geography ? Cooking , Dave .
Abdullah stepped up her security too . He 's hired a bunch of Chechens . They 're not here for the Jihad , they 're here for the money .
And when she wanted to move house . Angels came , picked up her house and took it to Italy . Handy .
That 's it for now , I 'll be back in half an hour with a further traffic update . Thank you very much .
If you store up your treasure on earth it will be stolen . But if you give it away , then it ca n't be stolen . Mormons ?
No . You did n't give it to him , did you ? No .
# Dot my I 's with eyebrow pencils # Close my eyelids , hide my eyes # I 'll be idle in my ideals
Try talking about football or something . Keep off the weird stuff . Just do n't be conspicuous or you wo n't fit in .
The lucky one learning from my niece , huh ? We have high expectations for her . And for you , of course .
Now , as I made clear many months ago we operate and apply a zero-tolerance policy with reference to criminal activity involving firearms and the distribution of drugs . Most important , the findings suggest that crime on the estate has declined by almost 30 % . With continued help from members of the community , we hope to eradicate the criminal element who have long since blighted the lives of the silent majority .
Well I need an adult signature . I need proof of who you are . Oh we thought of that .
Are n't you worried about the exam ? Well , it is good to have a break . Clear your mind .
Do you know how many times we 'd have to visit Pizza Hut to get rid of all the money ? One thousand , three hundred and three point five one seven times . It 's just not practical .
Thank you . So much for our witness . Where was he found ?
Zhang Mei got the full seven marks on questions one to three . Though her combinatorics is her weakest area . I 'm really not ...
Well , you have n't . He 's still out there now doing what he 's always done . Do you know how ?
Thank you . - Well , I used to use them , so they 're probably cursed . But , you know , it might remind you of home or something .
Do you ? Of course they wo n't be poor anymore , once you 've given it to them . What 'll do you do then , take it back ?
If you want to interview Mr. Brown then you 'll have to come back . He 's not well enough to answer your questions . No , of course .
This took more than 1,000 years to write . In China , mathematics is more than numbers . Um , It is like art .
No . Well I need an adult signature . I need proof of who you are .
Fuck off . Give me your other arm ! Oi , fuck off !
Ltjust fell out of the sky . Right in front of me . I thought it was from God .
To them out there , this is just entertainment . But where does it end ... hm ? You shoot Noel for what he did to Leonard and then Sid shoots you ?
This should be a piece of cake . Fingers on buzzers , here 's the first course . Start the clock .
Almost everyone on the camp speaks English . It is expected of us . You speak it very well .
What did you bring a thousand to school for ? Ca n't you see that that 's suspicious ? It 's not suspicious .
You do n't need fancy hospitals or medicines to make life better , just a well . And you ... can build a well for as little as one hundred pounds . That 's fantastic !
You can pretend you 're everyone 's best friend all you like , Isaac , but I 'm here to get on the team . Sorry , when have I ever tried to be your best friend , Luke ? Nathan , this is a democracy , yours is the casting vote .
Do n't look . This is where your mum used to work . Nice .
The vertices of a regular 72-gon . The vertices of a regular 72-gon are each coloured red , green or blue in equal amounts . Show that we can always choose four red , four green or four blue vertices such that each monochromatic set form a congruent quadrilateral .
Just do n't be conspicuous or you wo n't fit in . Aero and a Yorkie please . And five juicy lips .
In fact , it was their anniversary . Harry was all right , but he could be a bit ... smarmy .
`` Are there infinitely many pairs of positive integers '' `` such that both m divides n squared plus one and ... '' `` Are there infinitely many pairs of positive integers ''
* The one thing to save me * I 'm feeling like I did before I knew you * I 'm waiting like I do n't have time
But you 're not getting ... I told you , you 're not getting ... Ice cream , Julie !
Georgie is n't , of course . I 'm sure I 'm doing everything wrong . All I 'm trying to do is bringing her up in an environment where she can feel secure , and I 'm doing that the best way I know how .
The government announced today that it would proceed as planned with the general election . We ask whether it would be best to postpone the election in the interests of public safety . The government , however , may feel that an alteration to the election date would be seen as a victory for ...
Perhaps you do n't belong here any more . So we 've no idea to whom the Semtex was to be delivered ? No .
Yeah , yeah , Tom . Sorry to disappoint you , but I 'm not a campaigner for gay parenting . Georgie is n't , of course .
I heard . There was someone there watching . - Who ?
Your chariot awaits . Nathan , can I have a word ? When I speak to people of a non-mathematical nature , they always struggle with the notion that mathematics can be beautiful .
Not yet . Putting this play on is a big opportunity for me , and I just ca n't be distracted like this . Well , yeah .
Shooting star ? It 's going out in beautiful flames . You remember I said that I was late a couple of weeks ago ?
How long 's he here for ? As long as I like . Tell him he ca n't go out till it 's dark .
No one . Put him in the van . Put your dead friend there , too .
* But you do look gay in the pink shirt * Please , will you buy this for me ? * I 'm ritzy
I love my country . I 'd kill for it and 'd die for it . Good for you .
Maths camp , Taipei . Your home for the next two weeks . Right , everybody out .
Fuck off . Would you like me to pray for you , Robert ? Father , God , I 'm asking you now to touch this man , and to reach into his heart .
* Sometimes my life * Goes all the way down * So deeply that I can not see
I 've left him . You have any family or friends or someone you can go to ? They wo n't believe me .
♪ Show me love ♪ I 'll do the same ♪ `` All Our Cares Away '' )
Why ? I do n't know what you 're talking about . I do n't have time to waste .
I 'm sure I 'm doing everything wrong . All I 'm trying to do is bringing her up in an environment where she can feel secure , and I 'm doing that the best way I know how . I 'm fucking sorry if she gets in the way .
Tell me where you are . ' Do n't hurt me any more . 'Hannah ?
I do n't know . I just get on with gay men . It 's not a crime , is it ?
I 'm not some kind of hick . I give money to Amnesty International . I read The Guardian , for God 's sake .
About the way I acted back then . If I could change it , I would . Is everything all right with you , Kate ?
Where did you get that from at 4 in the morning ? I found it in one of the cupboards . Well , it 's not mine .
I just lost you in the crowd . Well , I 'm not going anywhere . Especially since it 's your round .
So let me tell you what happened to me one day last summer . I was going on my first proper date with Paul . I thought he was perfect .
You should n't be here . Your target is an American neo-con . Head of a think-tank , instrumental in planning the war on terror .
Anyway , why would n't he ? What have I got to offer ? You 've got plenty .
♪ Feels he 's sinking in the murk ♪ He 's unshaven and a mess ♪ Finds it hard some days to dress
You know his address ? When the bomb went off , there was a flash , and then there was lots of smoke . A lot of glass flying .
That would make such a statement in the hallway . If we can agree on the price . Can I have a word ?
OK. Well , you look like you need to go to the hospital . Nah .
'You would n't be perfect , and I did n't want that feeling ruined . 'And boy , was I right . 'Anyway , I 'm signing off now .
Believe he even went so far as to spike his wife 's tire , just to make sure that he got home before she did . So far as she 's aware , he 'd been there the whole time . Sorry to interrupt , sir .
♪ Broken-hearted but she copes ♪ Michael 's out of work ♪ Feels he 's sinking in the murk
Back of her right hand . It 's already smudged , but it looks to be '' FLA 17 ... '' something . Letter B , possibly .
No details on who he was . CCTV have no clear images . There 's nothing left of him .
I do n't agree . I think you 're a good person . You do n't know anything , girl .
And no . Either way , it was n't Lovell who killed her . The awful thing is it all started as a joke .
♪ She watches chat shows and the soaps ♪ Broken-hearted but she copes ♪ Michael 's out of work
What shall put ? Samuels ' insurance against police interest . Wicked thing , blackmail .
You 've never eaten shit . Do n't know what it 's like out there . You have n't a clue !
So now I 'm going to show you . My prayers have all been answered and no earthly force can take them away from me . I will rise up against you .
Hey ! Oh , Allah would n't be pleased ! Sorry , what did you say ?
Now that 's ridiculous . We 've kept your name out of it . So far .
Yes , this one can stay ! I want you guys to go through the first set of cones . Take a lane each .
I 'll call the police . You go near the cops , and I 'll take it out on Darius . You understand me ?
Bad . You know , I was the last person to see Darius that night . The night he committed the murders ?
They 'll both be bitterly disappointed with that Shania Andrews , a good time . She placed fourth in 22 . 19 seconds .
Is it college business ? In a manner of speaking . Do you have any idea what time he 'll be back ?
Now , I have a meeting . So , Anita , why do n't you buy Dr. Hill a drink ? He could use one .
Come here . Even though this is an exhibition , you have to treat it like it 's the real thing . Okay , now , the longer distance is gon na suit you two .
Put the gun down , Dariusl Do n't be a fool , now . Throw it down , Dariusl
I 'll put Crisp in the picture . You tracked the outfit down ? Then we 've got him .
You were n't suffocating ... I saw it on the video in the court . It was Lucy with her doll .
You just got to give some of us a chance . What , like you , you mean ? I 'm here for my rubdown ...
Double ? I 'd sooner cash , Emil , but suppose can trust you . J ' Un bel di , vedremo J '
Come on , Ellie , this is what she was made for . I 'm always here for you . Regardless .
Something here . Subject is a well-nourished female . Approximately 15 years of age .
I mean , I 've worked hard for this and I think this is the year to go in there and some home with a gleaming medal . And let 's not forget the new girl on the UK sprinting scene . Shania Andrews has made a big impact this year , and controversially quit the 4 X 100 metres relay team after a disastrous performance in Barcelona .
Where does she go Saturday night until this vet finds her at the bus stop Sunday morning ? Did n't say had it pat . Maybe she met someone .
When the patrol car showed up , Darius took a shot at it . That 's why the cavalry arrived .
That 's what came to tell your husband the other day . Can you account for Dr. Stromming 's whereabouts on Saturday evening ? His whereabouts ?
He 'll be back home in England by tonight . Motion to strike Dr. Hill as an expert witness because of prior knowledge of my defendant , Darius Grady . Of course he has prior knowledge .
She 's fine where she is . Do n't go disrespecting me now . Why do n't all of you just piss off ?
What ? You remember what was written on the back of Mary Tremlett 's hand ? FLA 178 .
And here sits the little old town of Luther , right at the gates . Why the hell do you think I was so popular back then ? I gave them boys what they needed .
That 's nothing . We make that every day . More .
Teammates , every sport . After his mom passed , Amare joined the Army with Darius . And when the war started , they even fought together .
Her dad ... - Well , you know about her dad . - Yeah , I do .
Did they win ? - The stadium is holding its breath waiting for the final result . Ifs Great Britain !
You become more who you are , the more pr/ vats you get . So I kick back , play my position and try listen 'Cause there 's opportunities waitin ' it 's my decision
Ca n't sleep . All the munitions that he was exposed to in Iraq were making him crazy . Et cetera , et cetera .
'Motion sickness . Cases have been popping up all over since ... ' - Want anything from the shop ?
Pricks like that ca n't always get their way . And the Shania I know would n't let them . What am I supposed to do ?
Burrill keeps rattlesnakes . But he 'd hardly be dumb enough to use them . He 's dumb enough .
We 'll be cheering you on to win that medal . You just keep signing those cheques , Mr Aldridge . I wo n't let you down .
This is the long leg . What a difference a day makes here for Great Britain They 're absolutely flying around the top bend .
Yes . I just wanted to see where they died . Loren and the children .
I swear I 'll get you . Who do you send the Father 's Day card to ? You do n't know him , do ya ?
♪ Was the place she did n't feel was safe And had to leave ♪ It would only be a matter of time before she had police asking her questions J ' Finding out the truth About her underworld connections
Yeah , and you also just qualified for the finals with the worst relay I 've ever seen . Now imagine what would happen if you actually ran together as a team . You said it yourself .
It looks like it 's your lucky night . Maybe your social worker can teach you some manners . Yeah ...
I was geftin ' a rock off Marcel and I see Kirby behind the alley . Behind the barbershop in the alley . - What time ?
Normally . And normally I 'm not so ... so out of place . Why the police ?
♪ You bloody rich kids never listen ♪ There 's no such thing as Broken Britain ♪ We 're just Broken Britain And what needs fixing is the system
Three people were killed for this . Exactly why I want it . Do n't be an idiot .
Their Christian mothers were lazy perhaps Leaving it up to the school Where the moral perspective Is hazy perhaps
Then you lot wo n't have to do any more petty jobs . That still do n't answer my question . Why are n't we coming ?
♪ This place is mess ♪ The people here they do n't pray success They hate it , yes . ♪ They do n't want you to progress That 's why they test
Yeah , all the time . Over 80 % of people out there suffer anxiety from lack of achievement . Biggest cause of suicide among 30- to 42-year-olds -- feelings of being a failure .
Robbo has got 10 grand invested in this little venture . And he wants his money really , really quick . You two go back a long way , man .
Listen , it 's not half cold up there . Can you drop an heater up to me or something ? - Yeah , all right .
Tonight we have a veritable feast of the flesh . Flesh in all shapes , sizes , colors , and tastes . Because the meat should be fresh , juicy , and succulent .
I know , but you ca n't come with me Look , just wait here , I wo n't be long , allright ? All right mate , what are you after ?
You do n't know what Don can do to people . You do n't know what kind of man he is . Please .
i am sorry - Shut up stop crying why do n't you just tell me what happened what did he do to you ?
♪ You think you can see so far ♪ ♪ Into your brain ♪ I got just the thing for you .
♪ It 's the dirty little things that you never allow ♪ ♪ Move over , let me show you how ♪ Chief ?
me and you black and blue where are we going ? - staying with a mate for a bit stay away from London .... fine there he owes me money you ai n't gon na see that luv look , i 'll get it for you , allright ?
i 've found some cigarettes , that belonged to my Dad once i was probably about half your age i took one and i smoked it in the toilet upstairs he caught me as a punishment , he made me eat the whole packet
i ca n't remember it was last night remember he took me to his bedroom and what ?
Then I 'll resign tomorrow , should I ? You think Don will just let you walk out ? Why not ?
♪ Fear the guns and knives , but now I know it 's my time ♪ ♪ Start a fight and ... ♪ ♪ When the story ends , you best be prepared to die ♪
I think it was better before you started working here . Then I 'll resign tomorrow , should I ? You think Don will just let you walk out ?
You be here when I get back . I was kind of thinking about ... I 'll see you in a minute .
Well , I might as well tell you now . You lot may all be internationals ... and have won all the domestic honours there are to win ... under Don Revie . But as far as I 'm concerned , the first thing you can do for me ... is to chuck all your medals and all your caps and all your pots and pans ... into the biggest fucking dustbin you can find .
We , the undersigned players , are unanimous ... in our support and respect for Mr. Clough ... and Mr. Taylor . And ask that they be reinstated ... as manager and assistant manager with the club . '' - Yeah .
ROMANTIC . THERE WAS A VILLAGE NOT TOO FAR FROM HERE , BUT NO ONE 'S LIVED THERE FOR YEARS . WHY DID THEY LEAVE ?
Oh , yes ! How 'd you define your approach to management ... apart from being brilliant ? - Good lad .
AND DO N'T LET US IN IF WE 'RE ALONE . WE COULD BE POSSESSED , AND ... THE ONLY WAY TO BE SURE THAT WE 'RE NOT IS IF WE 'RE TOGETHER .
THE MINUTE WE LEAVE , LOCK THE DOOR BEHIND US . AND DO N'T LET US IN IF WE 'RE ALONE . WE COULD BE POSSESSED , AND ...
THE FIRST THING WE NEED TO DO IS GET SOMETHING TO PROTECT OURSELVES . THE MINUTE WE LEAVE , LOCK THE DOOR BEHIND US . AND DO N'T LET US IN IF WE 'RE ALONE .
YOUR CLAN 'S MANCHESTER SCUM AND YOU KNOW IT . PLEASE NOTICE , EVERYONE , HOW I 'M NOT RISING TO THE BAIT . I WENT TO MANCHESTER ONCE .
OTHER THAN MINE , WHICH I PUT IN MYSELF . - I USE IT FOR THE DIARY . - WELL , THEN , IT 'S AN 800-QUID DIARY .
I 'll play meself . You might learn something , Irishman . 251 goals in 274 starts .
HE COULD JUST LOCK US OUT AND WE 'D FREEZE TO DEATH . YOU 'RE REALLY GOOD AT THIS . IF WE GET OUT OF THIS ALIVE , REMIND ME TO UPDATE MY CV .
They 're both throwing their shirts down . And really , this is a side of English football ... a face of English football we do not want to see . To dismiss the referee 's authority in such a manner ... can not be good for the game .
YOU DO N'T BELIEVE IN GHOSTS , I DO N'T BELIEVE IN GHOSTS . WELL , WHETHER WE BELIEVE IN GHOSTS OR NOT IS IRRELEVANT . HE BELIEVES IN US .
I 'LL BELIEVE THAT IN THE MORNING . GOOD NIGHT , AND DO N'T DO ANYTHING I WOULD N'T DO . WELL , THAT DOES N'T LEAVE MUCH , DOES IT ?
DAMIEN 'S PRACTICALLY BLIND WITHOUT THESE . HE CA N'T HAVE GOT VERY FAR . HOW LONG DO YOU THINK YOU WERE OUT ?
I 'M NOT GOING TO LEAVE YOU , NO WAY . YOU 'RE COMING WITH ME , WHERE IT 'S SAFE . THERE 'S ALL THIS BLOOD .
Is it ? Well , perhaps you should just shake on it today . And sign for it tomorrow .
I 'M SORRY , PETE , IT 'S THE DICE UNDER THE CUP . I CA N'T RISK OPENING THE DOOR TO FIND OUT . LAURA , COME ON .
ALL THOSE ROAD SIGNS ARE TOTALLY CONFUSING . ALL THE LITTLE SHAPES AND COLORS . I MEAN , ARE THEY SUPPOSED TO HELP ?
We can get them out of there like that . We did it with Hartlepools , with Derby . We cared about Hartlepools and Derby .
IT 'S OVER . THE LINK HAS BEEN BROKEN . GONE .
COMMON SENSE , ANDY . YOU 'RE STAYING HERE , AND LOOKING AFTER LUCY . DO YOU THINK WE SHOULD GO BACK AND CHECK ON THE OTHERS ?
And that were it , really . ( Lorraine ) She 'd died and she had n't bought us one Christmas present . I was so angry .
Is the chairman of this football club ... seriously asking his manager to lose ? You know what I 'm saying . Against their biggest rivals ?
And that were it and then she slept . That week before she died she 'd come here and say , `` Have you got any tablets ? '' And I 'd say , '' What for ? ''
And our first chance to get a look at Leeds ... under their new manager , Brian Clough . - Will you be supporting Leeds today ? - You 'll expect nothing less ... having been the manager for 13 years .
( Sue ) Are you satisfied now ? ( Rita ) Will you stop blaming me ? It 's as much your fault .
I put them through hell . I knew they were looking after him . You know , and I was so grateful for them to do it , but I was so jealous and envious that he was n't with me .
No , I 'm going to fight him . The twin towers of Wembley Stadium . The cathedral of English football .
I think it 's Andrea . - What do you mean you think ? - Alright , alright .
And I think it would be better if you do n't ring here again . These are heady days for Brian Clough 's Derby County ... champions of England . They have the biggest night in the club 's history coming up in Turin ... in only 4 days ' time .
She was with Keith then . We was n't living with Jim . And she come in and she opened the door , just Mum being Mum .
Leave the running of this football club to the professionals . Well , professionals do n't run the football club , Brian . The chairman does .
It 's your daughter and her mates . ( Sue ) Are you satisfied now ? ( Rita ) Will you stop blaming me ?
Yeah . What time was he born ? Eleven minutes past four .
I want to get out . Do n't look round at them . Just act normal .
MRS ROOK : I know the likes of you . You hate us having children .
I knew they were looking after him . You know , and I was so grateful for them to do it , but I was so jealous and envious that he was n't with me . I wanted him with me , where he belonged , with me .
Till death us do part . '' And thank God it did , or I 'd still be married to her . And now I 'm with ...
I mean , if he 's hitting me really bad now , what 's he going to do to the baby ? - He would n't harm a baby . - Oh , but he would .
You ca n't just let him carry on like that . - But I ca n't hit him back . - Why not ?
Good lad . And thanks for coming to tell us . - How are you ?
But it 's like the policeman said , `` If it had n't have been that day , it would have been another day . '' ( Lorraine ) I 'd got money off Ann but then I could n't score .
Come on . Come and have a drink . Yes , I 'll ...
I seen a chemist bag with one of my kitchen spoons hanging out of it . So I thought , '' What 's this ? '' A dirty great big needle hanging out of that bag and there was still heroin on the spoon .
Mum out in the pub , or Mum comatosed in bed and setting fire to the bedroom to keep my brother and sister warm cos they was cold . I can remember Lorraine setting the bedroom on fire . And I were only young then .
He 's under a sleeping pill I slipped him . We could do it next to him and he 'd never know . Seal the deal , yeah ?
Oh , that 's ... very nice . William , I 'm sorry about your mother . Thank you .
What you thinking ? We hit his place now while he 's here ? Do you know how long he 's gon na be here ?
Word is Eddie strapped him up with some old car wheels instead of armbands . That 's the rumour doing the rounds anyway . Are you thinking what I 'm thinking ?
MARY : William , we 've been worried about you . A new dawn .
I 'm sure it 's nothing . Why do n't you give him a call ? What , Leroy ?
Where 's William ? - Dad 's with you , is n't he ? With me ?
Come on . My mum will come back . She always comes back .
A bullet . I need an early night . Come up and help me relax proper .
I 've got a wife . Then in the long run , I 'm doing you a favour . Jenna !
No matter how good-looking you are . Just do n't keep riding me , for real . I got a limit and youse is right there , innit ?
She 's sleeping , that 's all . They 're all right , They 're used to it , Back inside !
How else did you think it was gon na be ? I just thought I 'd get my turn , that 's all . Like sex , bruv .
William Shawcross BILLY : We never knew you could n't sing . Hello , Mrs Ball .
OK. - Oh , Mrs Ball 's asleep on the settee I 'll see you tomorrow .
One and a half million . She only knew her for three years . She 'll be doing handstands soon as that cab 's round the corner .
Look , I do n't know what to say . - Let me walk out with you . One and a half million .
Yeah . I have n't figured out the third . Any ideas ?
It sounds like nothings changed . I have n't come at a bad time , have I ? Hey ...
You are going to have a baby . No matter what it costs , I promise you . And you are gon na be the best mum in the world .
Men . Tonight we a small room . But a big fight .
Freddie , you know what Dr Johnston said . Just ' cause we 've run out money for the treatment , does n't mean we should give up on the old-fashioned way . Wanker !
Wait , wait . Zaf , you should talk to us . Is your family ?
Um ... When will I be able to see you again , Ginny ? At the Lyceum Theatre .
I can give you a good car . If you 're one of us . I would never do your work .
I did not fight . I got it not killed . That they were .
How wonderful it is to see you . Yes , I 'm sure it is . And your new students , are they enjoying your lectures ?
Get out . You work for the trip . If they paid , get your freedom and your family .
As for our two heroes , William Hare followed his dream . In the end , only Hare got the Royal Seal . And William Burke ended up in the same place as his victims .
No problem . You know ... it 's not a bad idea . No , you 're right .
Right , sorry . In the County of Donegal , on the highest , greenest slopes , there grows a certain moss which any educated person will tell you cures all known afflictions . The smallest cut , ladies and gentlemen , can let in poisons from the earth and the air , and before you know it , your very brain starts to boil .
Not a problem , William . Besides , for us to come across any more of those unfortunates , we 'd need the devil 's own luck . That 's where you 're wrong , Willy .
How do they know ? I never wanted to fight . - You could be because you have fighters .
Old Donald is in heaven . These are just his mortal remains . You seem to have given this an awful lot of thought .
We drink just for you . There is another toilet stolen . Two , actually .
! No , something 's still not quite right . I need a minute to think .
Patterson ? Un , deux , trois , quatre , cinq , six , sept , huit , neuf . Patterson ?
We were as cruel as anyone . I make what he has ruined everything . I make what he has ruined everything .
I am so sorry , Ginny . I-I do n't expect you to forgive me . It 's just so romantic .
You know what ? Let them get the discount . We start our own business .
Saint Peter might look kindly on his services to the teaching of medicine . Fox , show me your hand . A defensive wound , clear evidence of foul play .
If everyone starts of bang , bang , bang ... The first is that I finish ... your daughter . Then we all die .
And I 'm telling you I do n't like this one bit . And I am confident that this is the only way . You know , William , I had confidence in a fart once and I shat all over myself .
Wait . I do not care whether it is dark . Search all farms .
Sorry . I thought we 'd agreed you 'd keep your mouth shut ? This is costing me enough without incurring any further delays .
First , my friends . I want my daughter to see . - Wait .
Ewa Want to see ? Then you beat him tonight . I may see her ?
! I know this looks bad , love , but there 's a good explanation . You see , Willy here came up with this fantastic new product .
at the Garrick Theatre in London . And after that , times got tough , and I branched out into ... physical theatre .
Run . - Should I get his daughter ? He never sees her again .
lets for the future . An agency for immigrant workers . Good working conditions .
You 're surely not suggesting that I let these two men go free ? No , no , we need someone to swing for these crimes , but no trial . The city will gladly show its gratitude for your delicate handling of this affair .
Hello ? 'Your mum 's in a spot of bother . She needs some help . '
I 'm not sure if you can still hear me ... 'Something quite catastrophic has happened here ... ' 'Some breaking news for you .
Wait . Go on a bit ... a bit . - ' Go on . '- ' Pigeon .
Best thing about caravans is , they 're always exactly the same . My dad used to say that. `` Wherever you tow them , ''
Do you want to see if we can find a bus ? I think it 's where all these other people are going , too . So , where have you been today ?
So I do n't know why the police would withhold his identity . His wife contacted the paper after May Day to say that he was missing . Her name 's Ghorbani .
He does n't live with us . She says he wo n't come back . I know he will , cos he promised he 'll buy me a cricket bat for my birthday .
Sound of the waves at night . You seem like a good , decent man , Terrence . But I think it 's only fair to point out that I 'm not a good or decent person .
You 're going the wrong way , love . - Let 's get you out of here . - No !
I 'm worried about you . You should go home , Jasper . Good night ...
'With a life of its own and we are at its mercy . ' I do n't know about that . 'Grief is the stillness of the world the moment my boy left it .
Please , God , do n't let them be hurt . We wo n't even get down there . The roads 'll all be blocked .
I was dressed as Pocahontas at the time . Actually , she has asked me to move out . My wife , Tessa .
Buds ? - It 's what they used to call me . It 's all right .
That ai n't fake , man . I got it last night . I 'll give you six for both tings .
She said you went to that uni and I just asked a few people . - A guy try bore me up today . - So ?
Yo , blood ! You get paid to follow me around or something ? What ?
He 's gon na be worse than you are . Maybe if I 'd gone to church more . I never meant to let you down , Mum .
Now , look , Lexi , I know you 've been a bit stressed . I want you to take a few days off . Please do n't fire me !
Um ... I know you said you missed , like , going cinema and that , so I 've booked a couple of tickets . Thought we could just go tomorrow night , just as mates ?
I 'll drive you there right now . You can knock him out , Sean . What , now ?
Let me get that , hey . You guys , I 'm gon na go lay down . Oh , no .
Must have bounced . Let 's go talk to PJ . All right .
Oh , yeah , you 're wasted . Come on , I 'll take you to bed . Mmm .
WOMAN : We 're here to discuss the enrolment of James Burns into the freshman class of Roosevelt High School , per the request of his mother , Tracy Burns . Miss Burns , let me be frank with you .
Yeah . Sure hope your boyfriend gets here soon . What boyfriend ?
Let 's ride . Where 's your uncle 's house , man ? Mikey .
That 's exactly what you 're supposed to do . You wan na live to be like Roc ? Then you got ta be smart .
You just pulled them right out from under us . But in order to do that , you had to make some pretty steep promises , yes ? Puts you in a great position to sell .
♪ When you 're so dead wrong ♪ Let alone no one else ♪
What the hell 's going on back there ? My brother got into a fight , and Mason shot off a gun . - Is anybody dead ?
They 're made by some kids in China . Probably does n't even know what a pair of sneakers looks like . What are you talking about ?
I knew you were cool . ♪ Uh-oh , there 's a new kid in town ♪ ♪ Runnin ' round- it 's me
Look at me . I do n't think I was ever really attracted to you . We 're just both going through some rough stuff right now .
Y'all wan na come in ? No , I 'm looking for my uncle . Have you seen him ?
Came through all right . The trick is to find something that you love ... and hold onto that ... James .
John is gon na run the company . I 've talked to him , he knows everything about it . - So ...
Right . We would n't do nothing to hurt each other , right ? - Right , Sabrina ?
Hey , what 's up ? You got to school here ? Uh , James goes to Roosevelt .
Where are you going ? I 'm going to have a cigarette . Is that okay ?
Yet , I maintain with patience , time can limit but not shatter my will , strength blazed across my chest as solid as penitentiary steel . But the silence speaks , it tells me all I need to hear , it confirms my beliefs and its promises I have to fear . It reminds me that without freedom , I 'm alone .
I do n't want to have kids . And I know you always said , `` No , baby , you 'll change .
♪ Prisons are packed with crowded spaces . Lifers and guards , with hollow faces .
Goddamn culture 's overrated . So David wants to take me for a ride in his Ferrari later . - Show me how fast that thing is .
No one is that busy , okay ? I met Rene the first week you met him . You were in love , you were falling all over him .
They always say it 's a better place up there than down here . Dad made Lola move out here in the barn . He barely talks to her now .
I do n't know much about cars , but I could call a tow truck for you , maybe . Yeah , you did that already . I do n't mind dropping you and your daughter off somewhere if you like .
You need to go and find what makes you really happy . Why do n't you think you deserve that ? ( SNIFFS )
You really need just two minutes . Just you put your knees under the desk and put your hands on your thighs . Lindsey , I do n't think this is appropriate .
Ugh ! Plus , with the amount of paper I 've been puttin in Roc 's pocket , he 's gon na start taking me more seriously .
I think I 'm gon na go for a ride . I just need to get away sometimes , you know ? - You want to come ?
Just you put your knees under the desk and put your hands on your thighs . Lindsey , I do n't think this is appropriate . It 's really okay .
Yeah . Time to finish your training . What the fuck can you teach me ?
What ? I do n't know , she got an imagination . And all that stuff in the car is her imagination ?
The girl was n't a peasant or a mute . Both her parents were university professors . She could speak English and Russian .
It 's nothing . You got our number in Maine . Remember to lock up .
Hey , do you like root beer ? I saw you the other day near the hog pens . I woulda said hi and all , but ...
I wan na be a tennis pro like Ivan . - You do n't wan na be a tennis pro . - Why not ?
I do n't know . - What 's the obsession with sex ? - It 's not an obsession .
Do you remember when we watched Robin Hood ? - He knocked on my window . - Bernard , what are you doing ?
We will see . But making you into a woman ... It is one of the sweetest memories I carry with me .
Nasty , huh ? That 's what a 12 gauge can do . Loaded with a doubled-up buckshot and fired at point-blank range .
We 're gon na play a little game that I believe was invented in your country . I 'll ask you once more . Who was the American agent ?
Ergo , how the fuck could you possibly comprehend why ? - Let 's start at the top . - Look , what do you think it is we do here at the agency ?
Frank let me in . I did n't realize you were here . - I 'm here .
Well this is kinda out of my price range . A girl 's got ta treat herself sometimes . Did you call David ?
You 'll see him tomorrow . Tell Walt to call me . I dunked my head in that pond in the park .
My mom , she had a real gift for hooking up with jerks . I was pretty much ready to get out of there . After high school ,
I do n't wan na feel pressure . Do you like someone else ? Your dad 's girlfriend ?
That my sister , ai n't it ? This is because of those photos that Dad took . No .
I do n't wan na badmouth Ivan . But I do n't know what Joan is thinking . - I think Ivan ...
You just take a left up here . It 's about 20 miles or so . Maybe we should drop Haley off first .
I was trying to get them off . I was trying to get them off . Hey , buddy .
Devereaux was disoriented . He did n't expect to see me there . He was doing exactly what I would have done .
What 's a philistine ? Someone who does n't like books or interesting movies or things . - You 're still here .
Coffee ? - Yeah , I 'd love a coffee . - Black ?
Get the cell scanner . No , let 's just talk , shall we ? You can keep doing what you 're doing .
`` Bernie , I think you can save your marriage . '' I told him I did n't think there was anything else I could do . I did try everything .
I 've been staying more at yours . - It 's not a good time . I 'm not gon na be 100 percent for a while .
He 's stealing a car . Where 's the nearest parking lot ? There 's one straight ahead , this way .
A couple of years . I thought we would work it out . I wanted to .
What happened to Jonah ? Look , I know you guys know I can talk to him through the vent . What the hell did you guys do with him ?
Where are you ? - I 'm going to visit Arkady Federov . - Are you insane ?
I do n't know . I think she walked , uh ... That way .
Probably thinks he still does . Yeah , he 's arrogant , confident he 'll evade . He 's already made his first mistake .
Now that you 're publishing and is n't , is that it ? - That 's not nice to say . - This is a great family .
Why are you here ? Whose car is that she got into ? Whoever it is , it 's not us .
Wait , what 's my condition ? What I 'm about to tell you , Nic , you may find a bit disturbing . You have made contact with an E.B.E .
Body armor is not gon na stop a head shot . I 've been having these headaches , anyway . Blue suit , two o'clock .
I ran into Celia , Lance 's mother , on the street and she was telling me how wonderful she thinks you are . How polite and funny and ... She said you did something with the salt and pepper shakers .
That makes him a person of interest to the world and to my publication . When Federov was just a general , I 'd say he was pretty much untouchable .
What is the truth of the matter here ? The only thing I know for certain is that you do n't know what you 're dealing with . You will be pulled from this shitty little shack you call a research facility so fast that the only thing relevant to be shown for any of this is the way it 's all exposed , wrecked , and forgotten .
Yes . And there 's nothing else planned until tomorrow morning . Yes !
It was not intention . We just sat and talked , and then ... - Can not you just shut up ?
I see right through you . It makes enough adult men too . It is easier to fold over the children .
Miss Annabel Glick , legal associate , Universal Dog Home of Brooklyn . We were your uncle 's favorite charity . Do n't tell me you 've come all this way for a handout .
Through your vent , Nic ? Three , four , five , six , seven ... Shit .
You have to . I should have brought sangria . - Come here .
This place is run like a clock . Listen , I need your help . I 've been keeping some event sequences ...
Have you ever been with a natural woman ? I do not know what that means . You do not have to shave , and I hope you are intelligent enough not to expect it of me .
They 're brown and solemn . They say desk work and time clocks and not much of a night life . Your shoes are brown too .
Haley , wake up ! Hey , let go of me ! Stop it !
To Monte Carlo . Most beautiful place I 've ever been . Probably ever will be .
How funny is this little chair ? It was really facing the corner like this . Come on .
Look , I can see you got this whole situation under control . I 'll meet you down in the casino . -- Huh ?
Thank you . Now we 'll return to your regularly scheduled programming . Haley !
It 's one of the weirder moments in my life . [ softly ] Call me when you 're done . Okay .
You heard Batman . Get out of my room . You never talk to her .
I do n't know what you 're talking about . That six million dollars you inherited , Mr. Witherspoon . That money is mine !
So , all this , between us ? This is all for me to help you get back some video file ? Just tell me .
For the sugar sweet ... Yes , I 've loved with someone . - How did it feel ?
There must be something you can . - I can conjure up his roommate . - Hail , Hell residents .
[ man ] Mr. Wren ? This is Waldon Campbell from Mr. Hobbs ' office . He 'd like to meet with you immediately .
Well , I want you drunk , so I can tell whether you are a lout or not . You know you can get in a lot of trouble for having these files ? Detectives do n't even let other cops see these things .
My name is William . You can call me Will or Bill or whatever . Fiona here call me Wild Bill .
Once you are off you go for him , he is unstoppable . Now you hear anything else . Phil here is a delicacy .
[ Porter ] I could 've left it there , walked away , tried to put my life back together . But there were still too many questions about Simon 's death . And the truth is , this key could unlock the secrets of Caroline .
You were right . It 's time I become a better mother . I did not want you to move .
What does that mean ? It means that he will never have the absolute contraction in that muscle that he should have . - Josephine ?
There ! You see , you know my name . - No , I do n't .
I have my milk . And if you have not told me the story by the morning , we can be demolished along with this building , and our bodies can be crushed by the rubble , and we 'll be compressed into dust . I 'm never telling you that fucking story , okay ?
I 've been practicing drinking milk . It 'll help me swallow keys . Son of a ...
That 's what you thought . - I thought it that way . - Who are you trying to protect ?
Be emotional if you so desire . I 'm terribly sorry that we have to meet in such terrible circumstances . I never met my Uncle Anthony .
Come on , baby . - Let me walk you to the street . I would rather you did n't .
Tony ! I thought you were dead ! - You look good !
[ Simon ] Question three : When you finally tracked down your biological father , what was the last sentence he said to you ? [ Caroline ] Fuck you .
Sorry , but I 'm supposed to leave one seat free . It 's some sort of surprise . Ah .
This is your brother speaking . Wherever you are , give yourself ... Up .
♪ For me , you 're a lock that I just ca n't pick ♪ ♪ When you 're teasing , locking eyes ♪ ♪ ' Cause with you I 's gots that click ♪
Ca n't we call it even ? We 're in Europe , like we planned . With the money !
[ water running ] ♪ ... my watch stick ♪ ♪ Still smiles when ♪
Very good wrestler . So what 's that , Greco-Roman or arena ' ? MRS. KEENAN :
What can I do for your fellows on this lovely evening , huh ? [ man 1 ] Give us the file . - I do n't have it yet .
No , I do n't want the doctor on call . I want to speak to Dr. Miller . It 's important .
From your cheesy picture . The one that goes with my column . Your smug expression is annoying .
SHELBY : Anybody knock on my door after dark , and I 'd have been screaming , calling 911 . At my age , a knock after dark is a dream come true .
FRANK : It was ... it was more of a laugh of admiration . For the murder of a turtle ' ?
Excuse me ? You know , with jeans and t-shirts and underwear hanging in the backyard ? A laundry line .
[ indistinct party chatter ] ♪ Close to me ♪ ♪ I will give it all if you stay ♪
How is that baby ever going to know how wonderful his mama was ? Will he ever know what she went through for him ? Oh , it 's not supposed to be like this .
Yeah , I 'll just ... I 'll carry it , I guess , or fly it over the forest . No , I ca n't bring the car up here !
Quiet . Quiet , everybody , except for the men . - We 're in command of the room .
If you do not call off your goons , I will make 1,000 copies of that video and I will send one to every newspaper , every television station in the world . I will be a fucking wild man .
I love mine . It highlights my new artwork . Since when do you have accent lighting ?
She has an orange office ... And she 's in Van Nuys . I wanted to ask you about Lucy .
Running away ? I mean , are you really happy out here ? Yeah .
He 's crazy about her . He says he can compete with a suitor , but how 's he gon na fight off the Father , Son , and the Holy Ghost ? ( DOOR SQUEAKING )
( sighs ) I guess that calms me down sometimes , you know ? FRANK ( voice-over ) :
Yeah , except that Lucy does n't need me anymore . She has a new family now ... and she does n't need me anymore . Is that what she said ?
Well , I think it is very bad taste to pray for perfect strangers . Shelby , what have you done to yourself ? Oh , it does n't even hurt .
No , because it makes me happy . It makes me happy hearing you read . Yeah .
PATRICK : Yeah , I 'm just surprised you found a live chicken in these woods . Yup , yes , sir .
I know y'all in there . I think somebody 's at the door ! Yeah , I think it 's for daddy !
She had five different mommies , and one of them hit her . I would never Let that happen to you . That 's what her real mommy said ... and now they wo n't even let her talk to her .
Jesus ! Bring your briefs in there with you . You 're 15 years old .
Sammy and I want to name the baby Shelby , since she 's the reason we met in the first place . Do you think she'II mind ? Mind ?
He has a contempt for the law I 've never seen in a minor . Look at him .
I need to speak to my lawyer now . I do n't think you realize what you 're up against . We have to be in court in three days ...
Oh , child , please , there was no Christmas festival when I was in high school . Jesus was n't even born till I was a junior in college . Oh , you 've got to admit , God did a little dance around that brother of yours .
No , this one 's kind of mauve , do n't you think ? Cup of flour , cup of sugar , cup of fruit cocktail with the juice , mix , bake at 350 till gold and bubbly . What are your colors , honey ?
Why ? Actually , I opened my presents . I got the '' Help '' album , limited edition .
I feel so ashamed I said that in front of Shelby . You know I did n't mean that . Ouiser , nobody pays attention to you .
You must be so excited . Why do n't you just go and do something ? Sam , it 's me .
I realize , as a mother , how lucky I was . I was there when this wonderful person drifted into this world , and I was there when she drifted out . It was the most precious moment of my life thus far .
I ... I 'm afraid I broke him . MR. KEENAN :
Motion to recess . I do n't exactly Like recess very much . Motion denied .
Mama is gon na give me one of hers . We check in on Sunday . Surgery 's first thing Monday morning .
Hi . I just wanted to make sure that you did n't get shot last night . No .
I was betrayed by my own body . When they put me in that shower ... I wanted to get clean so badly .
What you listening to ? It 's just some old ' 60s stuff . They 're called The Left Banke .
What is this , Joe ? You want your room facing sunrise or sunset ? My What ?
Hurry up . The second floor -- one more floor . I have to go to Room 324 on the third floor .
* And say a prayer for people there * * who live on the floor . * And if you see what 's meant to be , * * do n't name the day * or try to say it happened before . * *
Thank you . - You know what I said ? - Listen to this .
Oh , Lulu , would you look for that U2 stuff For Sam for me , please ? Uh , yeah .
Yeah , of course . Once you think of this person ... And there has to be one person , call me at work .
All I 'm saying is , that girl , she has her own agenda . She does n't care about Jonny , she does n't know the first thing about him . She just wants a guy who 's gon na do whatever she tells him to .
* Never surprise . * Take your time , and you 'll be fine . * * And say a prayer for people there * * who live on the floor .
He has created a monster . He is exactly like him . Here we go again .
¡ ° ' Before you read your message ... ¡ ° ' press the red button for record . '' Let 's start with the O.G.M .
Okay ? ( Morrissey ) * I would rather not go * back to the old house . * There 's too many bad memories , * * too many memories there .
You did ? It was probably that guy from the V.A . Did you bring ¡ ° ' Kramer vs. Kramer '' ?
We could give the foster parents guardianship ... and then we could try ... for the most incredible visitation rights ... and it would almost seem like joint custody . You 're saying I do n't have a chance . That 's what you 're saying .
Every fucking time we go out , Don Jon smashes ! But not tonight , ladies and gentlemen . The fans are devastated .
Just hold ' em down . Okay , take my pants off . Just pull ' em off .
Bless you , my son . Forgive me , Father , for I have sinned . It has been one week since my last confession .
I punched through this guy 's window on my way here right now . I did n't hurt anybody , but ... Yeah , I do n't know what 's wrong with me .
Not bad at all . In the name of the Father , the Son and the Holy Spirit , Amen . Amen .
That 's all I need . You know , I read something , ah ... I think Camus wrote about
Yeah , I really know him . * Please just make it go away . *
We 're not having this discussion right now . There 's only a few things I really care about ... We 're not talking about this anymore .
You owe me a beer . I owe you a beer ? Yeah , we have to sit and have a beer .
Yeah ... oh . You want your money or you want to be looking behind you for the rest of your worthless fucking life ? Do this deal and I 'll see nobody knows about you .
You know , I read something , ah ... I think Camus wrote about Sisyphus pushing the boulder up , you know , the hill ?
I 'm a friend of mr landau . My name is not important . I 'm assuming that mr landau 's not dumb enough to speak to the police ?
Wait . Can we get this disgustingness off the top ? Yeah .
In the name of the Father , the Son - and the Holy Spirit , Amen . - Amen .
♪ Looking in ♪ They smile , but they do n't look at him ♪ ♪ They say that it may take a while ♪
It got hit by a car . The dog 's name , and the name of the dog before this one . Have her describe both of them and call me back .
That 's better . I 'm gon na have to clean this up and stop the bleeding . All right ?
♪ I tried your cocaine ♪ Just to know what it could do ♪ ♪ I had to try it again
No , we 're not losing the house . You have to understand , if James does n't have the proper lodging -- I did n't know he was missing school .
I guess Peter 's standing outside right now because he , what , does n't like your building methods ? Peter is not supposed to associate with people like me . People in my profession .
I do n't know . You guys can sit here and you can wait for the cops . I am done .
I do n't like Dave . We 're gon na see them tomorrow anyway . I kind of feel like
What are you doing ? Your bedroom is one thing . You know this is the kitchen , right ?
What 's happening ? Why did the police come looking for me ? `` He carried her through the field ''
Nope , I have a festival this weekend . But I can do this next week , and I 'll bring whatever year-ends we have available . Okay ?
I would n't have . I stopped drinking that day . Just , er , it just was n't as fun after that .
Had rum and coke . Talked about the different videos we liked . I saw the awful way they laughed , like watching over drug addicts fucked each other .
Do n't get me started . Come on , let 's get something to eat . I 'd get you another one , but you usually stop at four .
He went to the farmer 's market ? Yeah , he came by the farmer 's market . He gave me , like , a ...
They know your schedule . They 'd probably seen her walking the dog . Heard her called him by name .
`` was found at green-wood cemetery . '' `` Andresen had been missing 2 days when Eduardo Solomon , '' `` a florist across the street from the cemetery , ''
So long , everybody . You guys seen The Hustler ? You 're about to .
Ten-four , Control . Eagle Shield 32 , check in on your next job . Yeah , Eagle Shield 32 .
Unit 8 , what 's your 20 ? Yeah , yeah , yeah , we have -- We have an officer down . We have an officer down .
You know , I was just starting to forget about her . Thank you so much for bringing that all back . What 's your book about ?
Yeah . Hey , man , it was really fun . You get a tour ?
Palmer , listen to me , just .... Just put the gun down . Okay , okay .
Damn it ! They run me around and finally , they called me and tells me that she 's at home waiting for me . I go home and she 's not there either .
Look , I admit Baines screwed up . You 're absolutely right about that . But I did n't want us to all go down for his mistake .
Where do you sleep ? It 's nice again hiding in the library . It 's a nice place to stay .
Then what happened ? Crew just gave up the money and they let the guard go . The guards just gave up the money ?
We could do this all day , dude . All right , you 're not real . No , you ca n't be .
It only happens twice a year . Yeah , I heard this morning. `` Ca n't be on time , be early . ''
Think about it . - The cops are gon na be all over you . - Forget the cops .
[ BAND PLAYING REO SPEEDWAGON 'S '' KEEP ON LO VING YOU '' ] I just recognize this song . Oh , yeah .
But power is n't happiness . And I think that maybe happiness comes from caring more about people , rather than less . And nobody proves that better than my kid brother , Pauli .
What the hell was that for ... ? I just ca n't believe he broke up with us on a conference call . How did he fool all of us ?
It 's true . Hey , you know what the owner of this place once told me ? He said , '' Keep it light , Dutch .
Who is this guy ? In 1988 , Owens joined the LAPD . He trained under their Elite Tactical Division .
What ... ? - Bring it over and down six inches . - Excuse me , what are you doing ?
Behind you . Roof next to the diner . - Cover me guys !
CONNOR : You are truly an inspiration . SANDRA :
ALLISON : Uncle Wayne , Paul and Jenny were all you had left . She knew you before you became you .
I ca n't believe he 's gone . He 's was talking about you , only minutes before he died . What 'd he say ?
No . Ladies , thank you , but no thank you . Hmm ?
I know , right ? - Do you want to go anywhere else ? - Yeah , I thought you 'd never ask .
Because the ravine south of down here is very narrow . There 's a whole team out here . Military background , heavy weapons .
What if she hurt me ? You know , what if she left me ? What if she died ?
You know , the one about marriage , love , never-ending lifelong monogamy ? Yes , I definitely thought about it . - You did ?
Start moving assets to Algodones . Reinforce that crossing , all right ? What about this town ?
Why do all these women hate me ? You know , I do n't hate them . Woman love to be screwed , they just do n't like to be screwed over .
It 's not going to work out for us . - Wait , are you kidding me ? - What ?
He 's Sandra 's dad . Serge , this is my brother , Connor . Connor , this is the serge .
Why ? Because the boss say I got ta ' keep you locked up for the weekend . That 's why .
But I did run down all the missing parts for her . So she could funstion theoretically . Course that 's between us and Jesus .
Her shift is over now . What is wrong with you people ? This is my son .
Did I hear you ai n't comin ' to the game ? Somethin ' about '' you do n't want to drive five hours to see a football game ? '' Well , I 'm not a big croud guy .
He was going to kill me . It 's so good to see you . Yeah , I 'll glad he did n't .
It 's what 's owed to you ... and everything you need to know . I hope the next time we find each other is in heaven . Girl , what you doing ?
We have got to head in now ! Put it in at Watch Hill ! In this stuff , harbor 's too dangerous .
# You make me so lonely # # I get so lonely , I could die # Hey , where 's my dog ?
Hurry up , before the captain sees . Okay , sure , I 'll help him out . What a screwup !
Flaunting your work ethic . I do n't have a work ethic . I just have work .
Listen , Johnny . Hey , do you want to come in for a minute ? Good night , Johnny .
At least we 'll get cancer together . I ca n't put it off any longer . I 'm not too big on goodbyes .
Go to 120 . Okay , three , two , one , clear . For I believe .
But we both agreed that , you know , we did n't want to grow old taking up each other 's space . You guys still talk , then ? Not for a couple months .
What do you know except to cut squid and take them to bed with you ? Ethel , where you getting your customers these days ? The welfare office ?
No , no , do n't stop . You can-you can ask me anything you want . - Are you sure ?
This is my last stop . And your nose is bleeding . Okay , well , after carefully reviewing your application , Mr. Doolittle ,
You 're pathetic . You still want to be a fisherman ? Who told you I wanted to be a fisherman ?
And scream for help ! We lie ahull , beam to the waves , slip sideways . Standard procedure .
Please , please , it 's an emergency . I need to help her . Three , two , one , clear .
I do n't want anything . Let 's just talk like we were doing before . Come dance with me .
You know what ? You 're a goddamn swordboat captain . Is there anything better in the world ?
All right . Whiskey-Yankee-Charlie , 6-6-8- 1 , do you read me ? This is Andrea Gail , Whiskey- Yankee-Charlie , 6-6-8-1 .
Today , maybe . When do you get unhappy ? The day we go home .
What ? I got you two tickets to anyplace in the world . I do n't know what to say .
I want to come with you , but I do n't want to be a fisherman . You know , buddy one of these days your mom 's gon na find you a new dad . I do n't want a new dad .
I see no Bass . I 'm gon na kill that son-of-a-bitch ! Fakir !
Christina , can you hear me ? I do n't know if you can , but I 'm talking to you , baby . Do you know how much I love you ?
`` Time can not break ... the bird 's wing from the bird . '' `` The bird and wing together ...
Come on . How was the water , Murph ? Welcome back , Murph !
We should go . I can smell the rain . When did I learn how to do that ?
Okay , Jer , too risky to go lower . You got ta jump from here . Good afternoon , madam .
Us ! Some people star to fall into recognizable patterns . The next step is that ... immediately ...
Mistral , this is 2-3-1 . We 're gon na extract you one at a time from the deck . Hey , Jeremy , I do n't like this .
Half an hour ago , they shook the lamps over the bar . Last time she brought her sister . You should 've seen the lamps then .
Home . - I called you ten times . - I had the ringer off .
Be fruitful and multiply . The thing about the software business is it 's very , very volatile . You never know where the financial model 's going to go .
That is unbelievable . Jamie , that 's everything that you 've wanted . That 's incredible , man .
How many transdermal intubations have you personally done ? My dear , I teach medicine . I no longer sully my hands touching actual patients .
Charlotte , take a good look at me . You want me to tell you what to do ? Yes !
No , no , no ! This is too much information . - I just need this .
I 'd be just this sob story you could use to bag more chicks . That is a pathetic characterization . I do n't know .
This is tens of millions of dollars in research . This is thousands of hours of hard labor . This , ladies and gentlemen , is software .
Yeah , yeah , it 's alright . What 's the point of being young and beautiful if it 's not to keep men waiting . In fact ...
I can recite the six causes of pernicious anemia and the four stages of terminal cirrhosis . And by fourth grade , I knew what a distended ileum felt like on palpation . So why did you bail on med school ?
Same thing . Look , I 'm sorry that I stared at your tits , but they 're really nice . Hello ?
I bet she 's hotter than you . She does n't have a disease , either . Does that work for you generally ?
Go back ! Give me another minute , alright ? - No , you 're going to tire yourself out .
I 'm an easy-going guy , right ? I 'm good to my staff . I treat them well .
And that 's fine with me , see , because all I want is the exact same thing . You left me standing in the doorway crying Does that mean I do n't have to leave a tip ?
Artane for the tremor , two milligrams , a whole tablet , three times a day . And Prozac , so that I 'm not too bummed about having a major degenerative disorder at 26 . Forty milligrams , once , in the morning .
I got this little problem . I thought you could help me out . I got a Benefit coming up .
Here we go . That 's a guy who has sex with a lot of women and is good at lying about it . Yes .
I 'm begging you . Why do n't you take a pen ? I 'll send you a pamphlet and an efficacy statement , okay ?
Hi . All right , look , if a patient asks , you 're an intern , okay ? Yeah .
It 's okay . Do you know whose car this is ? Yeah , I think I have an idea whose car this is .
I 'll call the Pfizer guy in the morning . Let 's welcome the class of 1997 trainees ! This is not a pill .
The number on the left , the date his father died followed by the number of his autopsy report . Owen lives alone now at his father 's house in Fairview . What do you say we arrest the piece of shit ?
Who said I was a drug rep ? Excuse me , look at your bag ! I do n't think you 're going to the fucking airport .
Jesus ! Do you really give a damn for me ? I 'm sorry , Mr. Randall .
How ... How are you gon na get them out ? - Not funny .
But we ca n't trace it because it was made with a spoof card . Yeah , it 's a phone card . Costs about 10 bucks an hour .
Except for Channel 12 . They 'd been having a little problem in the ratings , but not that afternoon . Their numbers were sky-high .
You know , I woke up one morning and thought ... `` I 'm no longer a destroyer . I am a means of resurrection . ''
The kid 's face is everywhere . He 's driving around in a 40-year-old VW bus with electronics in it . We 'll have him by this time tomorrow .
Maybe . - Jennifer , I 'm not only thinking of you . Now join your family .
Sexy , sassy . If his unpleasant wounding has in some way enlightened the rest of you ... as to the grim fînish below the glossy veneer of criminal life ... and inspired you to change your ways ... then his injuries carry with it an inherent nobility and a supreme glory . We should all be so fortunate .
He was brilliant . Good at electronics , mechanics and computers but he was disturbed . He was troubled .
That is , uh , Harold , Randall , Otto , burgundy Cadillac . No faith in our newfound goodness , Detective , huh ? Task force runs on statistics and numbers , Otto .
Ground units , be advised , suspects/ ast seen entering south side of warehouse . Thirteen down , thirty-seven to go . - What the hell is that ?
Today a second individual has appeared on the site and his life , too , is in jeopardy . The victim is the doting father of two boys a loving husband of 22 years and a devoted son . In other words , he 's a good American , one of us .
Hey , Memphis . It 's good to see you . Yeah , haul the cartons over there !
Anything you say will promote the site . That 's a possibility , but what would you prefer ? Talk to National Security Agency .
My name 's Roger . Two Rogers do n't make a right . - Roger , I have a problem .
It 's too bad this guy was n't a Boy Scout . He could just blink Morse code and tell us where he is . Okay , I 've got the '' who is . '' It comes back Blue Sky ISP .
Dinner . I think I 'll take a shower first . The acid was stolen from a research lab at Marshall Junior College .
Oh , this is some kiddie shit , Sphinx . What 's on Magnum P.I . ' s licence plate ? - Robin 1 .
No faith in our newfound goodness , Detective , huh ? Task force runs on statistics and numbers , Otto . You know that .
This is bad . There are new developments in the Internet murder investigation tonight out of Portland , Oregon . For more , let 's turn to Marilyn Deutsch .
Detective Drycoff , does it seem like the suspect is violating his parole right now ? Why , yes , Detective Castlebeck , if by violating his parole ... you mean failing to cooperate with a law enforcement offîcer . A little trick I learned in the car thief retirement home .
He 's hacked into my car 's computer and my cell phone . I 'm on the Broadway Bridge . Do n't move .
More to come . '' Well , we 'll see about that . It 's a jungle in there .
Look , there 's another one back here . Hey , hey , hey , tell you what . Look at this .
The DUFF does n't always have to be some heinous beast , all right ? Take a look at Robin . Robin 's , like , super cute .
Drawn upon my sou/ Etched upon my memory , baby And/ ' ve got your kiss sti// burnin'on my/ ips
What happened ? - We ran into security patrol , man . He hid in the van .
This is a DUFF . You 're using me to try to get closer to Jess and Casey , because you think that I 'm approachable , are n't you ? Okay , look , when you said that we should hang out Friday ,
I 'm glad to see you 're doing well . - Sorry I ca n't help you . - I 'd like to pay for your drink .
Maybe the victim is n't the target . Case in point , young Sara . What if she 's the target instead of her father ?
Oh , yeah , I 'm doing a video about the party for my YouTube channel . Wow , wait , you 're having a party on a Wednesday ? - On a school night ?
Bianca , let 's go . You 'll be late for school . The world gave me the gift of invisibility , a license to not give a shit .
Our entire friendship was a sham , and everyone knew but me . Hey , B , will you take a look at my fashion piece ? I need a layman 's opinion .
Yeah , it was . Do they do other things together that I might be able to join in on or just watch ? I 'm kidding .
Right , sir , but if you could answer the question -- Oh , I propose that even if you left here today with a name , you 're no better off . And I propose you underestimate me .
So make your writing have a positive effect . As in a certain homecoming article that 's due . Oh , please , Mr. Arthur , the last thing I wan na do is go to a place where everybody hates me and then write about it .
Listen , I have some news . I need to talk to you . You got to call me back as soon as you get this .
Now he 's doing the second most important job a DUFF can do , acting as , like , the gatekeeper to their better-looking friends . The guy with the info people go to before they make their move . - Watch , watch .
Take a seat . Well , what I can tell you is , is that we have seven binary identifiers , a constant width module , and an interweaving matrix . - English .
I overheard Madison bragging about it to her friends . I mean , the angles were n't even from where I was sitting . Why is your hand messed up ?
Choose ! He 's gon na kill us all if you do n't . You can do it !
Well , look at it this way . It 's not like you could make me any more awkward , right ? That 's true .
Why is your hand messed up ? Well , you 're not the only one running around punching people today . No one else sees that video .
He wants me to find out about him , probably to publicize his story . Okay , hold it a second . If he wants a story on the front page , he 's got a dozen or so working writers here in town .
Bummer . All right , I got to go find my Environmental Economy texts . Okay .
God ! You want to go shopping ? I wan na be up on the stage , you know ?
Speed , bitch ! My legs are n't fast enough . Yeah , they are , bitch !
It was dark . He had a flashlight in my eyes the whole time . I do n't know who he was or how he knew my name --
What the hell are we doing all the way out here in the 138 ? It 's where the match is at , B . What the fuck is he doing ?
Let me out of here ! Welcome to a special place for bad little children . Do n't be overly concerned with Milburn 's date rape drug .
Why did n't you tell me ? Why did n't I tell you ? That 's classified information .
Oh , she did the right thing : She stuck with the winners : Excuse me ?
We 're good friends , right ? And as a good friend , I should caution you that could embarrass you severely : It could destroy your already-fragile psyche :
From great cheerleaders come even greater leaders : You may be a great cheerleader , Whittier , but you are not I know , and I 'm really trying hard :
Here 's Marni with some light reading : Now , study those rule books and wear People have given their ankles , ligaments , collarbones :
After the way you treated us ? You know I used to look up to you ? But that was before
Actually -- and , ladies , please keep this a secret , Tina told me that if I work really hard : and I play my cards right ,
We might totally suck , but to a real cheerleader : it does n't matter if you win or lose : It only matters if you try as hard as you can -- if you give it every ounce of
Tina falls and-and lands and she spends the rest of her life doing watercolors Do you want that to happen ? Hmm :
Uh , would you say violating yourself usually hurts you Oh , I 'd say it 's made me the actor that I am today : Okay :
And it fosters school spirit : And it also keeps you : physically fit :
Well , I do work-study in the cafeteria : Part-time in an audio store : Full-time as a student :
Why would she be worried ? Because , you 're turning me into a criminal : Whit-
I thought you called me in here to kick me off the team : Oh , I have n't totally ruled that out yet : I do n't know :
Tell me what we bleed Stinger pride .. Tell me what we need Stinger pride .
It 's just not fair . Other daughters get to plan weddings , and bake cakes , and go shopping with their mothers . And what do I do ?
Let 's go , Gandhi . - My name is n't Gandhi , friend . It 's ...
The Trunk Murderer , so called , because they found her husband and his mistress chopped up In her trunk luggage . A month ago she was relased from prison . - Mom !
I 'm late for work already . - So , what 's half an hour ? You take this off , and you 're just a man , Walter Goodfellow .
I said it wo n't be that easy . Unless you want to make a list of our brainwaves , White , I say we cross a few off as we go .
Holly ! - Have you ever seen inside it ? No .
Today was the day Oasis fans at last got their hands ..... on the group 's new album , Be Here Now . It 's their first for two years . As the Gallagher brothers might have put it themselves , ..... the fans were mad for it .
Hi , Darling . We 're just talking about the Algae and ... - Where 's Petey ?
I want to be alone ! You want us to spoil our papers ? Disqualify ourselves ?
Well , you know , your father , well , he 's a busy man , and along comes this handsome American ... with his accent and his swing , not the type I would approve of at all . You ca n't go around killing people just because you do n't approve of them . Oh , that 's what my doctors used to say .
That 's not selfishness , that 's murder ! Coma comes before death , right ? People recover from comas .
It is very nice to meet you , Grace . Gloria has told me all about you . - You 're American .
* A lot of love and affection * Whether I 'm right or wrong * And down the waterfall
Then you should know what I 'm talking about . The point of having power is to exercise it in all its forms . - We 're pawns of the Gods in here .
Mother ! I do n't think you want me to do that . I think you 'll find I bloody well do .
* John 's got brewer 's droop , he gets intimidated by the dirty pigeons * They love a bit of it * Parklife
A bit serious , perhaps . You 've hit the nail on the head there . - Reverend Goodfellow !
I think that 's what we did . - * As it soaks you to the bone * Maybe I just wan na fly
He 's lapsing ! We have to carry him out for treatment . Biorg will understand .
Her car ? That 's not Grace 's car , Mrs Parker . - It 's not ?
What corporation does n't know how many positions it 's got available ? What CEO ca n't decide whether he wants one assistant or eight ? There 's only one job going in his office , you know that ?
Mrs Parker is chairman ... chair of the St. Michael 's Flower Arranging Committee . Which I wanted to talk to you about . - We will talk about it , we really will , but Grace has literally just arrived , and I was wondering ...
We 've got Blonde here , Brunette there ..... Dark , I suppose . And last as well as least we 've got Deaf .
It was all about self , and nothing about community at all . I never felt that British , you know . Everyone involved in making those records ..... came from totally different ethnic backgrounds , you know .
But you know what was really amazing ? It was what happened afterwards . Because I was getting praise from everybody , from the counsel ... and my peers .
* Chimes sing Sunday morn * Today 's the day she 's sworn - * To steal what she never ...
Further denials will only waste time . Confess and I 'll release you . I promise .
I mean , walking distance , seconds . - The best hotels are on the beach , Lance . Gloria , this is so much better than a hotel .
( * Pulp : Misshapes ) - * .. on a diet of broken biscuits * Oh , we do n't look the same as you
Do n't be absurd ! I told you I 'm a psychologist ! You claimed to be a qualified student of psychology , not a practitioner .
Thank you , Vicar . I 'm sorry about earlier , Mrs Hawkins . - Oh , no .
Perhaps , yes . Although , she is incredibly busy at the moment . Oh !
My point is we ca n't prove anyone 's guilt or innocence , so it 's a waste of time to try . If we ca n't maintain trust and cooperation , we 're through . Trust has to be earned , sister .
Can I get you some ? - Oh Petey , that 's very thoughtful , but no , you ca n't . Let 's face it .
* Some might say * We will find a brighter day * As Britain approaches the end of the century , ..... we have been with the same masters now for 18 years .
It 's more than that . If we ca n't see it , how are we supposed to find it ? What if the question is written down ?
`` I 'm by his side in all the ways he needs , and he 's by mine in all the ways I need . '' Mrs Parker felt that not enough was being done to this part of the railings ... inside the church whilst too much is covered in the front porch. `` By the time you read this you 'll have arrived at your new job .
There 's 50 minutes left , we 're no closer to finding the question . Somehow I suspect my question relates to the question . So answer me .
We were never gon na make paintings and wait for somebody to come along . It just was n't like that . It was , like , we could n't wait ...
You have succeeded . And now the final stage lies before you . One last hurdle separates you from your goal- which is to join our esteemed ranks .
We 're wasting time . There 's 50 minutes left , we 're no closer to finding the question . Somehow I suspect my question relates to the question .
Do n't you have family ? Do n't you have a nice little girl you want to see ? I mean , I can make that happen .
[ Slaps ] - Perhaps I should just wait in ... - Shh .
David rose . - I have miss law for you . Oh , silly me .
Helen , she is a dark horse . I hope I have n't given her ideas . [ Laughs ]
That 's three in one day . You ca n't leave them all unresolved . I will not resolve with Ralph .
[ Scoffs ] I was not . I do this three times a day . This is my favorite spot .
I had no idea about most of what you portray . The food blender , is it ... All from personal experience ?
I like to keep a record . I thought you said you do n't charge people to be here . No , no .
I want to read , '' she came in chains . '' And if you 're not interested in selling it to me I 'll buy it on Amazon , which is probably what I should have done in the first place .
The sentence for drugs is ridiculous , which reminds me , mate , I do n't want you drinking or driving in this car , insured or not . Keep the tyres fully inflated .
It 's the parents that stay away . You have to let me know how you get on . Hey .
Do stay , have a glass of wine , buy a book , and Zoe will be very happy to sign your copy for you . Thank you so much to Zoe for coming along this evening . Well , close shave .
I was meant to be demonstrating my panache . I know you 've always thought I 'm an idiot , and I probably am . Um , but you made this place sound like heaven .
Sorry . Three men in macs and an apprentice . I 'm sorry you feel like that .
Geoffrey , 900 quid . Well , let 's have a party . [ Music playing ]
What are you doing , Ralph ? - What we should have done yesterday . Come on .
What if I pretend her light 's red just to annoy her ? Why would you want to do that ? You 're both green .
Pretty much makes me a fucking expert really , does n't it ? You ever used an MX380 before ? No worries .
If you were in love . It 's strange being a widow . I was 36 when your father died .
What I do n't know is why women demean themselves by reading such tripe . I 'm not sure I do , to be honest . But , I said I 'd help her , and I thought Bonar and law would be a good place to start , if you get my meaning .
I 'm not sure you 're sure . No , I 'm good with it . I think .
It is common for the man to go through all the typical experiences like , you know , morning sickness , I 've got tender breasts , I 've got weight ... What makes you even think you 're the daddy ?
But , yeah , you 're right . Back in the good old days I was Scotty Robinson . The guv'nor , the boss .
How did you find out ? - I 've known for a while . Zoe called me and she was quite concerned .
But I do n't think I was ever quite as upset as I should have been . I do n't think there are any rules . Why did n't you tell us you dropped out of law school ?
Actually , mate , I do have a bit of work on I could throw your way . Give me a call on this number if you want a bit of cash for some driving . I really appreciate that , Ed .
I 've known for a while . Zoe called me and she was quite concerned . So she bloody well should be .
I can do with a night off . But I thought that was the whole point of this place , the ... Sex .
Mr. Danielson really has got great confidence in your cooperation . Your responsibility , your ability to interact within group . I strongly advise that you continue to follow this path .
♪ When I lie in bed I see ♪ ♪ Beyond my brother 's head , the moon , I hear the rain ♪ ♪
Okay . Okay , let 's get these out of the way quickly , shall we ? `` Based on experience '' ?
♪ I 've got a number of a girl I know ♪ ♪ Who gets her hallucinogens from a pair of hooligans ♪ ♪
Is it Justin again ? I 've worked out what it is . When he goes home first and has a little slurp with supper , he 's easy meat .
♪ ♪ Everywhere I 'm going to ♪ ♪ it 's a sin ♪ ♪ At school they taught me how to be
Yeah , see ? - And what you do , Robert O'Neil ? - What do you mean what do I do ?
I got another Judy Cooper . Take the other you got on ( ? ) This one 's really good .
I 've got the constitution of an abandoned rabbit . When did you learn to play ? I 've always played .
Our enemy does not make the distinction between a civilian and combatant . There are over 2000 suspected terrorists operating in the UK alone ... and that number is increasing daily . Please , sit down .
This was no hotel I wanted to stay at anymore . Being a celebrity and all I needed to check out . And I had a good idea how to do it .
♪ Very kind , getting a raise ♪ ♪ Writing home to tell your folks about the city ways ♪ ♪ Are nagging at you ♪
Charlie Bronson . Which is my alter ego . 1974 .
♪ Dress you tenderly ♪ ♪ And ready for bed ♪ ♪ You 're asleep still standing up ♪
I went to school . I kept my head down . Sure like most kids I got into trouble .
What does she gain by feeding us false intel ? She came to us two years ago . Since then , she 's been working with these people non-stop .
♪ ♪ When I 'm the Rock and Roll ... ♪ ♪ When I 'm the Rock and Roll ... ♪ ♪ When I 'm the Rock and Roll star ... ♪ ♪ When I 'm a Rock and Roll ... ♪ ♪ When I 'm a Rock and Roll ... ♪ ♪ When I 'm a Rock and Roll ... ( super star ) Well they towed me . ( Kicked out )
You 're right , I 'm sorry . But you gained her trust , that 's what matters . She 's talking to you .
Right then Bronson ! What are you waiting for son ? !
♪ As transparent as a ray ♪ ♪ Boys are queuing ♪ ♪ Trouble 's brewing ♪
♪ You 're made of card ♪ ♪ You could n't act your way out of a paper bag ♪ ♪
( train beeping ) Now I 'll go back to my room . Eve will get on the train to a grown up life free from neurosis .
What does the future hold for Michael Peterson ? Ambition is the virtue of all great men . He 's going to stay here with us .
♪ I swear and rant , I make quite an arrival ♪ ♪ The men are surprised by the language ♪ ♪ The act so discreet ♪
Do you recognize this young woman ? Her name is Alayna Wallace . - Yeah , I saw her with Abdullah .
♪ What have I done wrong ♪ ♪ You say that but how do you know ♪ ♪ Who are you ?
♪ The boys are dressed up fine ♪ ♪ Think I 'll wait till half past eight to dress myself divine ♪ ♪ Ten-thirty I 'm in rags ♪
Now my mom once said '' Stick with what you know '' . And I knew two things ... I knew Luton ...
Fuckin ' dude tried to assassinate Tyrone , man . He 's a dead man , same as you 'll be . The weapons are being delivered tonight .
You 're a bloody tea drinker , pal . You should n't be in a band ! ♪
I strongly advise that you continue to follow this path . And I look forward to seeing some of this wonderful work I 've heard so much about . Gov-Governor ...
No . You see , I did n't see a cell , a cage , or a box To me it was a hotel room
What ? I mean , the time for that was ages ago . When you were shagging Anton ?
All you need 's a name . What 's wrong with Mickey Peterson ? No , you need a ... fighting name .
Former MP Alan Peters will begin his 3-year sentence for fraud , today . Peters was convicted back in September and will serve at least 18 months in Ford Open Prison . Labour spokesman , Lindsay Rhodes , said the party had nothing more to say of what was a sordid and sorry case .
♪ A gift of improvising removes me from revising ♪ ♪ I 'll kick this mood off with a change of scene ♪ ♪ I bought a leotard and go to the gym ♪
This is Alpha 3-1 , large explosion , 3 minutes ago , near the road junction . We have three injured and looks like two dead . Request immediate medevac , Roger so far ?
They built the city , they used the workforce , then they fucked off with the money . I know more about the city than I would say 60 percent of the local residents . - What ?
He screamed for a good 10 minutes . You could n't send a medic in , the section was too hot . So , we all took cover ... and watched him die .
Four thousand , seven hundred and eighty euros . Dorothy wanted a holiday of a lifetime . Dad wanted to pay off all his credit cards .
Yeah . Do not turn around , just listen . Whatever you know , you need to come clean .
In particular , Detective Sergeant Terry Hicock , who having tragically lost his life in the line of duty has been singled out for the Queen 's Gallantry Medal for Bravery , along with fellow officer Detective Inspector Alice Frampton . Can you confirm or deny the rumours that a number of deaths on the estate are attributed to a vigilante ? Both the findings of the committee and the police investigation have found no evidence to support such a theory .
Here . You may have already won ten thousand pounds . Please will you talk to me ?
These youngers ... So how long are you back for ? Oh , uh ...
What the fuck do you want ? I 'd like to do some business . Yeah ?
You can have it back . Dorothy , six thousand , three hundred and ten euros . All for the best , eh ?
Ramush . - That 's a big order my friend . - I know .
This is the business , we 've chosen . Conolly 's great game , is still being played . We need men , with your particular skill set .
York ... - Why do n't you go on it , you 'd be great , would n't he , he 'd be great . Fifty fifty please .
You could n't send a medic in , the section was too hot . So , we all took cover ... and watched him die . I 've never told that to anyone .
Al-Qaeda defines our very existance now . We 're the enemy , at war with ourselves . Where 'd you say you served ?
2 of Martindale 's associates who operate out of Curzon street were also shot dead a week ago . Neither of whom you 've questioned in connection with the killing of this old man in the subway . Of course , you 'd have known all this if you 'd been at the briefing .
That 's only about ... Six hundred and twenty three thousand , one hundred pounds at today 's prices . At least somebody has been listening .
I ca n't have that . Are you all right , Harry ? Are you OK , me old mate ?
Go , Luke . Thank you , but I really do n't see the point . Apart from succumbing to testosterone-fuelled irrationality .
And Jesus blesses them and passes the plate round . Now the first person he passes it to , passes it on . He does n't take anything .
The easiest way to change any cash you have is to pay it into your account . The Sterling becomes Euros the moment it 's paid in . And if you do n't have an account , why not open one today ?
Your dad'llforget . Go and get your pyjamas on . They 're good lads .
Sometimes we have to change our shape so that we fit Tn . That was you pushing the cage . - I did not !
That 's how long they have to stay in . By the time they 're ready , I 'll be back . She may already have won ten thousand pounds .
Your Kath told me you had a couple of medals somewhere . Did you ever kill anyone ? You ca n't ask me that , Len .
Apart from succumbing to testosterone-fuelled irrationality . It 's because it 's funny , Luke . - Do n't you have a sense of humour ?
It 's closed . And I 've had a much better idea . Come on .
Hang on . Go on then , hit me . - Hit you ?
Hey you ! Hey , give me your money ! Come on .
No . Well , actually I 'm studying the Grandmasters . This was a game between Fischer and Spassky in Reykjavik , in 1972 .
Like that . Hold it like this and pinch it like a lobster . Yeah .
That kid he was n't planning on doing a miracle . He was n't planning anything , except lunch . Something that looks like a miracle turns out to be dead simple .
My son , he 's quite picky and he needs the meal number to be a prime number and there to be a prime number of prawn balls . And , um , if he had nine balls it would n't be a prime number and number 48 is n't ... Is n't ...
She would not want you , to stand around crying or to steal things . She wants you to get on with your lives and do the best you can . Make her proud , son , eh ?
Blimey ! Linda , would you get me a coffee , please ? I understand things are going rather slowly with the stabbing of the pensioner ?
OK , I 'll ... I 'll mind my own business . All right ?
Nice to meet you . Right , come on , get your bags . Chop-chop .
They 've got no chance , except ... Newcastle United versusArsenal at Highbury . One all .
Especially for Uncle Deng . Some people say that I am only here because of him . That 's not true .
I like you ... More than I like ice cream . I said she could have my room .
I 've always thought you were the only one of Tom 's friends who was n't a fucking idiot . I 'll take that as a compliment . I 've seen you looking , so do n't even pretend you 're not interested .
Now , some of you are going to be burgled . There are things I can tell you , that will lower the odds of it being you personally . It 's a bit anti-social , because if it is n't you then it 'll be next door , but ha-ha there you go .
And what do you think , Nathan ? You a member of the dozenalist society ? Uh , I do n't know .
Oh . I know you 're only a dream . But I do n't care .
Yes , of course . We 've had this conversation , have n't we ? Tom 's taken up with a mad hooker who 's fleecing him for all he 's got .
But there is no question ; That he 's a unique young man . Give Mum a wave .
Shh ! The lines and dots that make up the image are in actual fact not made up of just one color , but all the colors of the rainbow -- the gay rainbow . It 's like pointillism , only gay .
No , I mean , men ... Should understand the way other men think . It 's not like women , where they 're a different species .
Good . You 're going to help our friend with Sergeant Conlon . Ash raf ?
Now , look , I 'm sure he did n't mean anything by it , calling me . It 's just he does n't think sometimes , does he ? Oh , well , no , he does think a lot .
Baby daughter . Take the path through the wood . You 'll find her at the other end .
Canada . The People 's Republic of China . A round of applause for United Kingdom .
This is pointless , is n't it ? Mum , you can tell me now . I 'm old enough to take it .
Your 9/ 11s , your 7/ 7s , are what my people suffer on a daily basis around the world . You know nothing of suffering . So now I 'm going to show you .
You did n't seem to have any faith in me . When King Henry VIII was dying , he smelled so rotten because of all the pus from the disease that people were actually sick if they went near him . And when he died , he was succeeded by his son Edward , but it did n't last very long .
Put him in the van . Put your dead friend there , too . Turn the camera on .
I work from home , but I stretch my lunch breaks . You 'd be flattered if I believed you . I never really believed that you 're a proper antique dealer .
`` and then second generation , everybody. `` Then I 'm going to burn their house down . '' It 's Unforgiven , you know ?
Yes , for purely primitive reasons , and the fact that we have lo digits on our hands . My argument is that if we use base 12 it is an infinitely superior system , and more logical . It takes 12 months for the Earth to orbit the sun , there are 12 hours a night and 12 hours a day , and each of those hours there are 12 five-minute increments .
political isolation meant little new exploratory work was undertaken . Closer to home , with the government way ahead in the opinion polls , the focus of debate in the upcoming general election today switched from the economy to the domestic terror threat . ( Ticking )
You give him money , pocket money . You treat him like a child . He 's not the first , is he ?
So full of forgiveness and love ... And I stomped the love out of her . I 'm not proud of it .
It 's fine . It 's not as easy as it used to be , but do n't have to talk about that now . We just ...
Do n't want to talk about it . What 's the matter with you ? Lawrence Wright 's upstairs .
* What it takes * To make us love each other * I 'm on the upside
Played me perfectly . Knew all about my wife . Knew I 'd kill anyone you put in front of me .
I ca n't cope . Ca n't cope with someone in the house . You brought your shite to my door and I do n't want it .
Although he does seem to do it rather a lot . Have you got a name for it yet ? I was thinking of Mushroom , 'cause he 's only small , and he does n't take up much room .
You must have left it when you last met . You knew all about the bombings . Pretended you were trying to stop them .
Take some of these , yeah ? Take five , you give them to your friends . You have friends , do n't you ?
Oh . They 're more resilient than you 'd think . Maybe .
'Dear Hannah . 'It 's taken me a while to put this together . ' I 'm not so great at writing letters , but I wanted to get in touch .
I can handle this . Ash , do you really want to practice law ? - Ash ?
* Hmmm * Picture this and sail away * On a cloud that 's going your way
Life is just a part of existence and death is eternal . Lord , I ask in your wisdom , if you see fit to intervene , then help this man on the road to recovery , Lord . Lord , we know you see the bigger picture .
No , I 'm not smoking . I 'm not inhaling , I 'm walking . I 'm out of breath cos I had to rush back from lunch .
Come on . We 're going to be late . Why are you reading the paper when I 'm trying to talk to you ?
♪ All the way we sank ♪ And from the flat ♪ Above the square
He wanted to marry her , for God 's sake . He said he was saving himself . Was Miles Percival keen on crosswords , Mr. Lomax ?
Out by Bagley Wood . Make sure the photographer gets this . Back of her right hand .
It 's an abandoned council property . We can go in round the back . We go in and take him .
Do you remember the real me ? Yeah , I remember the real you . It 's OK .
Seeing as he did n't own a car . What the bloody hell do you think you 're about ? Pursuing inquiries .
There must be a reason . Do you want God to forgive you for something ? I do n't want anything from that fuck .
You fuck like a dead animal . What do you want me to say to that ? Joseph , what you doing , man ?
Mary Tremlett threw herself into their affair , abandoning the young man with whom she had hitherto been close . Distraught , Miles Percival confided his fears to the one person he thought might be able to bring Stromming to heel . Mrs. Stromming , can we have a word ?
Who threw these parties ? Once you get in it , you 've got the leather seats and the walnut dash . She 's a real beauty .
I 'm sorry . I promise I wo n't do it again . This is the last time , OK ?
Tell him . Mary Tremlett keeps a few poetry books by her bed . First editions .
But Lucy would n't die . She just kept asking for air . She would n't die .
Why crime ? I mean , I can see you in a college or doing psychotherapy , but not at some horrible crime scene , deep in blood and guts . It 's a long story .
You 're the fastest runners in Europe , but together , you 're awful . - It was n't all our fault . - Yes , it was .
He might have had an affair with her , but the rest of it , no go , I 'm afraid . But she was found in Bagley Wood . He 's put in the puzzle , like he said .
But not Darius ? Darius avoided jail by signing up to be shot at in Iraq . While he was there , most of the sentences were overturned .
You ready , Belle ? You got big shoes to fill . This is your time .
You were her boyfriend . Do n't know where you got that . Look , I 've got a few birds on the go , but Mary were n't one of them .
That she did n't die Sunday morning ? But the vet saw her at the bus stop . Well , yes .
Oh , come on . You 've heard of coerced confessions . A powerful interrogator .
It 's the night before a meet and you 're drunk . What kind of an athlete are you ? I 'm really sorry about that .
A Minister of the Crown . We 'll need more than a telephone number to make it stick . Unless ...
She 's been building steadily all year . Well , considering she missed last year altogether , I 'm impressed . It looks like Lisa 's got a rival .
Yeah . You know , I actually felt sorry for you when I heard . When I read those reports , I thought ...
What about recently ? Anything out of the ordinary ? Money problems ?
Whatever it is you 're about in College , mind how you go . They wo n't take kindly to an interloper . Particularly one of their own .
Bring it home , through the line . - Still half a second off . - You want more ?
Pax Britannica , and all that . What are you , Special Branch ? More or less .
Ahl - So are Jake and Lucy . Their blood 's all over your shirt .
Thought we 'd been through that . Know , but they 're not just hardbacks , sir . They 're first editions .
Truth is I wish he 'd said more . Especially about his drug deals . Darius was a drug dealer ?
I 'm just warming the pot . There 's no milk , I 'm afraid . There 's lemon , though .
I told you , man , Borgos is taking over the case . From that Prius pinko , Julie Rice . So ?
Give me your number ! ♪ Still I sing the same old song I 'm still waiting for the sun Oi !
He had come by here to talk about that pretty little wife of his . How she 'd been doing since he was gone . What she was doing .
Yeah , any UPS ? [ Ditch the O ] and get something stronger . ... Makes it easier to talk to these suits .
Hi . Jane wanted to come and support today . Great .
Let 's do it again . It 's no use rubbing that leg . If you 're feeling tight we should go back to that physio of yours .
Screw you . I think Lucy sits there . Jake over there .
♪ So she goes along a road That slowly starts destroying her ♪ Not knowing where she 's going Or why God just keeps ignoring her ♪ How much ?
You 're off the team . He made you do it , did n't he ? There 's nothing I can do .
♪ Cos although ahead was long And full of unexpected twists and turns ♪ She learned inadvertently how to cope With life 's little moments of uncertainty ♪ Feelin ' safe on the street However absurd it seems
That I do n't believe because , well ... she is hot . But I do believe you about the age thing because she is one well-developed young lady . You 're telling me .
Well , that 's a great start by Great Britain . Newman is absolutely powering around that top bend . Hand !
Tommy 's decision is final , I 'm afraid . We ca n't let what you did go unpunished . You make us all , the whole sport , look bad .
Why the hell try to run you off , huh ? And then what you said in court today made me think some more . What if somebody else did them killings ?
And I mean put down . Well , I know it 's Texas . But what 's the hurry ?
Dad , did you talk to them ? - Yes , yes , I 've done it . - Good .
Can they deliver today ? Its been a dramatic road to this final for the British team . Fifth in the semi-finals , until the French were disqualified
And the courts put them away . Are you saying those people were n't bad ? I 'm saying maybe I got a little overzealous at times .
♪ What it 's worth to her And what it 's worth to you ♪ And the other way round Vice versa 's true ♪ Cos she 's an addict And she 's got ta support her habit
Darius called 911 . Said his wife and kids were dead . When the patrol car showed up ,
I mean , people want Darius put away . I mean literally put away . And I mean put down .
♪ Tell me ♪ ♪ Who do you think you are ? ♪
What if you do n't find anyone ? My mum will be angry if I can't- - Wan na get some weed or not ?
♪ From everything You 've ever read about it or heard ♪ Well , it 's all true So stay where you 're safest ♪ There 's no need To step foot out the burbs
Okay ? Liza has n't come around yet , but she will , in her own due time . Sounds fucking great .
♪ Schools out , rules out Get your bloody tools out ♪ London 's burning I predict a riot ♪ Fall in , fall out Who knows what it 's all about ?
♪ Killa instinct ♪ ♪ You 're lucky ... ♪ 50K . Which one of youse ordered a takeaway ?
Yeah , well , you can fuck off ca n't ya , mate ? ♪ Your heart is faint Ca n't appreciate how this artist paints ♪ My art is great
Can you answer a question for me ? Why is Don still breathing ? I do n't know .
You not happy in your work ? We 'll talk about it inside . Keys .
and do n't fucking like to me ! yeah , i did how young ? she was about
Set up a meeting . After what Don did last night ? That 's fucking suicide .
can i get it back , it 's not mine later follow us where is he wants to go to ? he said to follow- i know , i fucking know , ai n't i ?
Stop missing out , all right ? Come on you 're the most beautiful girl I know , what 's the matter ? When I first saw you , I thought you was a like a star or something you know ?
Ker , do you reckon we could both get a shower ? it 's free down/ three down . - Cheers
Come on then where is that you was just calling ? my mate at home , he 'll get us both something to eat why ? - because he ows me come on and get you some food come on then if you 're hungry
Nothing for you to worry about Do you want something or not ? Go on , get in
♪ Now all that they check is you ♪ ♪ Walked to a place with the smiling ' hand of fate ♪ ♪ Though things have been hard as hell of late ♪
That 's the last we 'll see of him . Frankie 'll have his head on a stick just to even the score . Somehow , I do n't think so .
No one can help these slags . ♪ They 're playing '' Follow the Leader '' ♪ ♪ Do n't listen to those lies ♪
I think it 'll take about an hour , so why do n't you go have a kip . What about that man , Derrick ? He ai n't on the train .
And it 's there . And England are out of the World Cup . The end of an era , Sir Alf Ramsey .
have you fucked anyone ? you just told me you knew what a virgin was so are you one ? yes or no ?
`` That type of operation '' ? I presume you 're referring to Don Revie ... who has long been regarded as a father figure in Leeds . Now you 're coming in as the outsider ... the enemy , even , after all the things you 've said in public .
HE MUST 'VE PULLED THE FUSE . WHERE DO YOU THINK THE FUSE BOX IS ? KITCHEN OR CELLAR , IT MUST BE .
This is the worst start to a season Leeds has had in 20 years . 4 points from 5 games . Second from fucking bottom .
YOU COULD ALWAYS BUNK UP WITH ME . IS THAT WHAT IT TAKES TO TAKE A BATH AROUND HERE ? WOULD YOU LET IT GO ?
They face Leeds United whom they unseated ... as the First Division champions at the end of last season . Leeds , one would imagine , will have revenge on their mind . Get me today 's team sheet , could you , Joe ?
YOU ALL RIGHT ? COME ON , LET US IN . GO ON , OPEN IT .
TOM ... - NOW , COME ON , COME ON , COME ON , YOU JUST GIVE ME A DIGIT .
MY BED IS ALWAYS OPEN TO YOU , TOM . AT LEAST YOU 'RE NOT SHARING A ROOM WITH ANDY . FOR SUCH A LITTLE THING , HE SNORES LOUDER THAN A BLOODY JET .
IS N'T SHE , PETE ? LUCY , WE DO N'T SEE NEARLY ENOUGH OF EACH OTHER . THE MOST HATED TEACHER WAS MR. G-G-G ...
AND THEN WHAT ? WELL , THEN IT STAYS IN WHOEVER IT 'S IN . I 'M NOT GON NA START KILLING MY OLDEST FRIENDS .
Jehovah 's Witness , Dave . May the Lord be with you . - Who the bloody hell are you ?
PLEASE NOTICE , EVERYONE , HOW I 'M NOT RISING TO THE BAIT . I WENT TO MANCHESTER ONCE . I HAD TO HIDE MY LADYSHAVES TO KEEP MYSELF FROM SLITTING MY WRISTS .
I WAS WORRIED BEFORE THIS 'D ALL , YOU KNOW , FEEL LIKE A STEP BACK , BUT JUST SEEING EVERYONE TOGETHER IS JUST REALLY COOL , YEAH .
Now someone else has offered us a better one . And not just anyone , the best team in the country . Come on , Pete .
Bottom of the Third Division . We can get them out of there like that . We did it with Hartlepools , with Derby .
YOU TWO ARE USELESS , YOU JUST WALKED STRAIGHT PAST ME . COME ON , LET 'S GO TO DINNER . THIS WAY .
Madeley 's half his bloody size . O'Hare needs to toughen up . He 's from the Scottish dockyards , is n't he ?
I 'M SO SCARED . WHAT WOULD YOU DO IN MY SITUATION ? PETE .
He offered us a job . Now someone else has offered us a better one . And not just anyone , the best team in the country .
THE SOONER YOU ADMIT IT , THE BETTER CHANCE YOU HAVE OF SURVIVING . LEAP OF FAITH , ANDY .
WE 'RE SAFE IF WE KNOW WHO WE 'RE LETTING IN . WE 'RE NOT SAFE AS LONG AS WE 'RE HERE . - IF WE STAY FOCUSED --
A land of milk and honey . A little place up the M1 called Derby . May we come in ?
COME ON , LAURA . I DO N'T HAVE A CHOICE . WHY ?
OKAY . LET 'S GO AND FIND TIM . TIM .
Please . But it might be Pete . - Pete .
DID N'T TIM SAY ABOUT A BOOK ? WHY WOULD TIM DO ANYTHING TO US ... LET ALONE , I MEAN , MURDER ?
YOU EVER MILKED A COW ? NOT MY IDEA OF A GOOD TIME . YOUR DAD 'S SWEET .
We have different styles in football and in life . I 'm a warm man ... an idealist . I do believe in fairies .
One of the reasons I hated her was cos I could n't tell her exactly how I felt as a child and the way she brought me up . Erm , so , no , I ca n't forgive her . Andrea Dunbar is 18 years old .
She was the first to hold him . And I actually cried when I had Harris . He was the first baby that I really , really wanted .
Take your hands out of your pockets , son . Remember that name , 28 goals last season . How many are you gon na get this year ?
I could n't bear it there no longer . I tried self-harming , I 've still got the scar for it . I took two overdoses and said , '' No , I 'm not going back . ''
That 's all the people of Derby want . If you really have their interest at heart ... Not just impressing your friends in the director 's box .
The father 's drunk . They 're all sat watching TV . I ca n't get over it , Mother .
They 're heavy . ( girl ) Act 2 , Scene 2 . The girl 's brother , aged 11 years , has just been killed in a car accident .
I know the likes of you . You hate us having children . Ca n't wait to take them off us .
It were all mad . Even I used to sit round fires with them when we were younger. `` Dear Max , I 'm sending you the bit of writing I 've done . ''
To Mrs Ball , who helped with William as a boy and has looked after the girls so well since Anne 's sad passing , I give £ 150 , and my silver coffeepot , To Mrs Spalding , who has carried on where I left off in the office ,
Erm , the fact of the matter was , I was responsible . It took me over a year to even think and start looking at the facts that this was my fault . You know , I allowed this and I caused this , with no intention at all .
Just ... Just stay there a minute . - Hello .
In fact it hurts me now . Well , there 's nothing you can do about it , you know what I mean ? Just awful .
Six years . And had a child called Andrew . Erm , took it from there , really .
It were weird . It just all seemed weird at that time . But it 's , like , I stuck up for her and said , '' People grieve in different ways . ''
some friends there . There 's a guy that I fancied . I wanted to be big and hard and show him that I could be grown up and stuff .
Put that heartbeat thingy whatnot on him . I want him to hear what he 's done . Hiya , Barry .
You have to be 16 . Look . it 's what , three o'clock ? You 're going to be 16 in nine hours .
What ? Well , you got the money , it 's right here . You got the muscle .
Yes . Since all the interested parties are coming back to the house after the- Yeah , yeah .
Bye , darling . J '' If I hug and Kiss you J * Oh , would it be
Jenna , I 've had a hell of day . I do n't think I 'm up for it . Freddie , you know what Dr Johnston said .
Let 's do it . Jenna , I 've had a hell of day . I do n't think I 'm up for it .
Nothing obvious , like a school uniform or anything crap . We did that last time , he saw right through it . Got the right hump all evening .
Well , she was such an individual , was n't she ? She 'll be greatly missed here at Summersby House . Susan , could you page Dr Jarvis , please ?
God , I wish he 'd die Slowly . Why do n't we just tie something to his legs , throw him off the pier ? Job done .
There is one last gift. `` To Summersby House , which has been such a home from home to me , I bequeath £ 243,000 , and the remainder of my estate .
Nope . Deafening silence while she runs a mile . Well , I 'll save you the bother .
Yeah , except I 've got to go to work now . - I know , but I 'm glad you came . That is such a dreadful tie .
Erm ... - Look , I do n't know what to say . - Let me walk out with you .
Champagne cocktails ? With little umbrellas in them ? Olives on a stick ?
Now here 's the thing . You 've put me in a bit of a situation , to tell you the truth . How 's that ?
It 's a little bit of a mood killer . But Dr Johnston said visualization is the key . Honey , I do n't give a shit what Dr Johnston said , there is no way we 're going to get anywhere if you start putting images of little bald bastards in nappies in my head at crucial moments .
I bequeath £ 1 , ooo '' Well , Nicholas , thank you very much . No , no , I have n't finished .
End of . Now you 're going for the long hard flush . In the sewerage , right where you belong , copper .
I would never do your work . That 's what I once said . But you learn it .
Anything under , that comes out your end . Fair is fair and all that . Normally , Eddie has 200 , maybe 250 max at his place .
Who are you ? - Just the winner of tonight . Away .
Immediately ! I demand to speak to a Catholic . Miss Hawkins and Mrs. Hare , either you keep quiet , or I 'll have you both shot !
They can not make panels . You really think someone will verify that ? You does not care about quality .
Ca n't complain . I just do n't know if we 're ever going to find a convincing Macbeth . Well , er , I think you should play the role .
Lots of money . We could again one day not work . Cheap foreign workers .
No , there are four corpses . I do not want a son in jail to see . Where is she ?
No , what we 're doing is wrong . I 'm sorry to disturb you , Doctor , but we 've two gentlemen at the door to see you . They appear to have a herring barrel with them , sir .
There is nobody in the club . The police have closed it . This is not what we had been promised .
You have an incredible talent , Ginny . I saw that the night we met . A talent like that is a gift from God .
Now when the demand for a certain commodity supply , it creates a business opportunity just waiting for the right kind of clever entrepreneurs to step in . Ladies and gentlemen , gather round ! Gather round !
But I have not even started . Bring them to the hospital . A woman .
No illustrator or painter , I agree . So how on earth do you propose to achieve it ? You shall see , Professor , in the fullness of time .
Mostly they do not die . Never two the same evening . Sorin would not .
Sometimes . Then I became a dancer and a showgirl , and now I 'm trying to produce my first play . - Sounds very exciting .
No . Although I 'm pretty sure tonight 's the night . I know this amazing trick you can do with your tongue .
The last man wins . Send some men in suits to the hotel . And warn your brothers .
Although I 'm pretty sure tonight 's the night . I know this amazing trick you can do with your tongue . Thank you , William !
Please . I did not kill your son . It was a battle .
I know he seemed like a nice guy and all that . And I suppose you have to respect the fact that he made the ultimate sacrifice for love . But he did kill all those people just for money .
I can do whatever I want . To the cost of your trip are paid . What 's my prize ?
May I remind you , Captain , that I am the Solicitor-General . What exactly do you think you 're doing here ? Solving a crime , sir .
How many people get the six ? - Mostly they do not die . Never two the same evening .
I 'll give you 5 pounds for your efforts , gentlemen . And I 'll pay you the same for any more unfortunates that you can deliver , Except in the summer , when we have a few problems keeping them fresh .
With only one hand ? If I fight , I have a chance . They have guns .
Let 's deal with his jeep . I have raised you better . - I missed much .
Thank you , William ! Well , that could have been worse . Do you mean if he 'd fallen asleep earlier ?
Why ? Why do you protect this stupid country ? High taxes , worthless , bad hospitals , corrupt banks .
I think he 's dead . You fight to the death . Strong .
No need to be . Travelodges are n't actually that bad . She 's says I 'm married to the job .
I ... Well , we wrote you a letter and I wanted to make sure that you got it . It 's not like I think I can turn up and just say sorry .
' I know you would stop making boy-shaped holes in the world . 'Lt would make you too sad . ' Hello .
Where is he ? Where 's your mum say he is ? He does n't live with us .
A stomach virus . Maybe you should go and talk to somebody . It 's a stomach bug .
'What do you want to do ? `` Watch the train from the bridge ? '
' I remember my mum took me to Camber Sands once . 'The one day she was sober . 'Lt was drizzling then , too . '' Gets you out of the house , do n't it ? '' she said .
'And now I have to live without it . ' Recently , Terrence , I 've found myself imagining you and me together . Yeah ?
I thought you might be in trouble . The man is wearing a green polo shirt . He 's wearing a lime green polo shirt .
But you felt sure enough not to go ! Your friend really has been doing his homework , has n't he ? If we 'd acted to stop May Day , the cell would 've realised and changed everything , their people , their places .
He never used to be like this . God , it must be so tough . Makes me feel so terribly shallow .
There was no way to be sure . But you felt sure enough not to go ! Your friend really has been doing his homework , has n't he ?
Yeah ? I never thought I could , but ... but sometimes I let myself . So please tell me that it is n't true .
I came here with my little boy once . We went digging for sand worms . Is he back yet ?
Cool . A year and a half ago . Seven men .
That was six years ago . I have n't seen any of them . I have n't seen your mum in , like , a year .
Bye . - Do n't think you 're calling her . - Of course not , babe .
You are . I can see it in your eyes . Who gave you that black eye ?
Go suck out . Who 's talking to you anyway ? I do n't know who you think you 're talking to , but you do n't speak to me like that .
Babe , check they did n't put no onions in it . You know how you get . - Are we gon na go get him or what ?
You tell me why . - He was my best friend , too . They shot him'cause they thought he was me .
I know . But I love you so much . I love you , too .
Oh , starting a yard war is a good way to make sure you do n't go back to the real world . Maybe that 's what you 're scared of . I 'm not scared .
Dicks being sucked and everything. `` Girls Gone Wild '' - type shit . I 'm over here getting my ass kicked , and you 're fucking videotaping shit in a shed , huh ?
You 'll be fine . You can stay there as long as you need to . Okay .
Hey , yo , nigga , do n't kill that ! - Oh , yeah , do n't kill it , huh ? Gim me that shit , man .
Yeah . That 's exactly what you 're supposed to do . You wan na live to be like Roc ?
That 's what I thought . So do n't you lecture me on how to raise my child , Mr. Maldives .
Just take one for the team . She 's already filed the writ of eviction . ( SIGHS )
And you 're never gon na find another woman like me . You wan na what me and Roc did last night ? ROC :
I love you . Kiss the kids for me , okay ? All right .
They 're gon na revocate me anyway . There 's nothing I can do . No , son , I 've seen stranger things happen .
♪ Well , maybe I do ♪ Either way I 'm proud ♪ That I even had a fan to say goodbye to ♪
JAMES : I brought home a gun . My mom found it in my sock drawer and freaked , so I got 15 months in juvie .
I 'm Wesley . ( CHUCKLES ) You know Ariel 's the name of a mermaid ? Did anybody tell you that ?
People tell me the truth , they 're just not ... They 're just not rude when they say it . I would n't call it rude .
♪ I wan na treat you ♪ Like you wan na be treated Any news ?
Let 's get through the engagement party first , huh , kids ? - You do want children , do n't you ? - Of course she does .
Stop . What about those guys in the club ? Are they men too ?
You 'd rather fuck that ugly bitch from the store , right ? Do n't talk about her like that . Where you been that past two weeks ?
No . No one 's as worried as me . Congratulations .
Ai n't none of us bulletproof . You wake up tomorrow morning , your whole family and your friends could be out there on the street . You could be slaughtered right in front of you , like Rwanda .
That is , if they can find any . See , all the front ones were disintegrated by the initial blast . There were nothing but the remnants of a few molars .
Ms. Wakefield , I will have to call ... I will have to call Child Welfare if you do n't talk to me ! - I got ta go !
The rest , though ... Well , turns out I do got talent in something after all . Hold still .
I 'd , uh ... I 'm gon na get to work now . Um , if you need anything , I 'll be at the office , okay ?
MANNY : I just bought these high tops this year . 150 fuckin ' dollars .
No . I want you to live in it . What ?
( Heavy breathing ) Then , James , I thought no . No .
I 'm sorry . I did n't mean that , like ... No , it 's okay .
Please do n't take my car. `` Please do n't take . '' You ai n't got no choice ! Hey , Frank , get it out of here !
And just the right angle . Ca n't even tell what the person ever looked like . Only way to know who he ever was is by the teeth .
How you doing ? Nice to meet you , too ! Hi .
Of shit ! I hope you know that ! The thing is , I like it this way .
It 's not her birthday . She also had an affair with some therapist . - I do n't wan na know .
What ? - When we passed Wendy , you let go . I did n't realize .
And if you ai n't got them , well then , you 're shit outta luck . 'Cause then , they ca n't tell who you ever was . Yeah , just one clean tooth .
I know . The stuff he 's writing is really wonderful . - Have you met his girlfriend ?
I value that . We got ta get out of here right now . Go to the train station .
This room is soundproof . - You do n't think I know that ? I approved the use and design of this facility .
If I wanted to be yelled at , I 'd spend more time around here . Ouch .
We believe there may be an attempt on your life this morning . Target is male , Caucasian , 35 to 40 . - Wan na bet your life on that ?
Oh , sweetie , that 's filthy . I hope you did n't drink any of it . Some may have gotten in my mouth .
I saw you the other day near the hog pens . I woulda said hi and all , but ... Oh , it 's okay .
No . Just tell him Peter Devereaux 's here . Wait .
I told you . We just need to talk ! No , no , no , no !
Jimmy Connors hits as hard as he can but we ca n't all get away with that , right ? All right , let 's see the backhand . Two hands .
Better than that old big farmhouse ever was . Oh , uh , on the couch . Oh , great .
Okay . And this is my mom and Frank and Ivan . Hi .
Haley , that 's not what I 'm saying . I 'm just saying I 'm not gon na be the guy who holds you back . Cool .
I do n't get you , Devereaux . I 'm the one you want . Why not take your shot ?
Get your camera . Haley , stay in and lock the doors , okay ? Nic .
Hello ? Hi , I 'm looking for Alice Fournier . Alice !
Maybe we could even things out , and I could stay at Mom 's a few nights . - I 've been staying more at yours . - It 's not a good time .
What I 'm about to tell you , Nic , you may find a bit disturbing . You have made contact with an E.B.E . E.B.E . ?
You think , maybe just maybe you might have crossed the line with this ? Along time ago , my friend . You 'll need proof of life , of course .
I remember what else I was gon na say . I wanted to know if you 'd be interested in coming to dinner Saturday . I 'm having the Dicksteins over ...
I make veal cutlets , which the boys love . Why do n't we all have dinner and talk more about this ? I 'm sorry .
How 's it going ? Actually , I 'm a little busy right now . Can I call you back in a few minutes ?
Seriously . No , they 're trying to keep whatever 's inside us from metastasizing . Jonah , stop .
I 'm sick , too . It 's hard to explain , but there 's something in me . There 's something that is ...
They taught me . I found some clothes that should fit you . What if they find Mira before you do ?
The annulled one ? - No , the one you 'd call a wife . Difficult .
Right . I always tell people they should take comfort in the thought that they are always watching over us . Did you hear that ?
I 'm sorry about ... I 'm sorry about your seeing Ivan like this . I would 've liked to have told you before you saw him .
Both her parents were university professors . She could speak English and Russian . Everything that Federov said she understood .
We talked about so many wonderful things . But where did you take them , Mirabelle ? What was your proximity to them ?
Repeat that . He 's got ta be heading to the basement . - Cover the back stairs .
I think you 're doing a foolish thing . - I understand how unhappy you are . I 'm unhappy too .
Where can I find her ? - I told you , I do n't know . You must know something .
Twice-a-week doctor 's appointments . Who knows how many MRIs and tests . Eventually a wheelchair .
Everybody outside . Recovery team to level 14 . Subject has breached .
Sorry that we have destroyed your life . You are in love with her , right ? I knew .
You are the most selfish person I 've ever met . Now you listen to me , Miss Glick . For the first time in my life , my luck has changed .
Was it mom ? I did not mean your mother . God , how did it anyway ?
We will . Okay , I 've got the variables on my keypad . Now I need you to take back half the sequences , okay ?
This is perfect . All we 're missing is a dog . I am not the sort of person who jokes about serious social issues .
I do not want to lose her . It takes enough a while . Now you 're stuck with me .
It just seems like he 's trying to distance himself from me , you know ? Look , you guys are my best friends , and I 'm just ... I 'm the wrongest guy to ask .
Grow up ! Look on the bright side . I got caught embezzling ,
And the rest starve . It 's not good enough for my son . Your friend Linda is A wonderful woman .
One has Uncle . And there may be others . Mr. Witherspoon .
That 's when the worst you could say to me . There is definitely a compliment . Do you think that I 'm attractive ?
Ciao , signoris . Io sono Luigi Gaudi , and you are ? - Harry Witherspoon .
Nic. `` The truth of the matter . '' What is the truth of the matter here ?
Your cousin Winn ? - I just wanted to lighten the mood . I have some gifts for you .
Hurry ! I would enter the room . I do like hair removal .
I knew who he was . I recognized him right away . - He was very smart .
Earth call Wes . He ​ ​ tries to converse . I do that too .
This is the release form . In essence you are agreeing to fulfill the terms and conditions of Anthony Hendon 's last will and testament . To the letter .
Back in the day , I used to deliver coal to both buildings , through this basement . The one next door that they demolished was identical to my building . You see , both buildings are exactly the same .
I think I look all right . But in a 17-year-old eyes I can just be like Queen Elizabeth . It 's probably not a problem .
[ Frank ] Boot patch . You need a boot patch to complete the circuit . [ Simon ] Mm-hmm .
I 've been , uh , holding onto this for a long time . And , uh , in the spirit of '' all 's well that ends well , '' I 'd like to , uh , to give it to you .
Damn . He promised me cream puffs . With some extra topping , you know .
Too long to keep inside of yourself ? It was summer , before my final year at university , and I decided to work on a freighter . I was the son of one of the richest men in Australia .
Yes , and you 're swell . But you can not look after us . You 're 17
Even with skater legs I do not get their speed . They turn gravity , because the goes 100 body lengths per second . So one of my size have Go with 645 km per hour .
Your uncle left some recorded instructions . This is a small player . On .
He whispered ... I put an obituary in the Atlantic City papers so that people would think that I was really dead . Switched passports with Luigi and booked a flight out of the country , but first I made sure that he would have his dying wish .
Seriously . I am prepared to wait all night . I have my milk .
Canceled , we tell you of something ? Driver you with a little couch gymnastics ? Well ... see something new ?
Doggy little lawyer yapping at my heels . - The dogs need that money . - I need the money !
It 's ... Yeah , so just like , close your eyes , and yeah . You got it .
Rita ... I do n't want any part of this . This is breaking and entering .
[ sobs ] You 're not repulsed by me ? No .
You 're joking . I 'm not the kind of person who jokes about serious social issues . - One look at your shoes and I can see that .
Someone 's taken him . Who could have taken him ? Oh , my God !
It 's an item of marital interest , would n't you say ? This old treasure is about 1,000 years old . Your phone 's not gon na work , baby .
Daddy 's waiting on you for the Christmas toast . AII right , I'II be right down . I 'm sorry about this morning .
Love you . Oh , you'II like this one , Dad . Classic black and white , no nudity .
Charlie 's already started looking at houses in New Jersey . White picket fence , garden in the back . Two-point-five kids ?
TRUVY : I think it 's awful of Drew to throw his son out of the house . My brother can be a hothead .
You 're ruining my spot ! I thought you said you 'd never been here before . I have n't .
Honestly ? I found that little girl by mistake . It was random luck .
( ALL LAUGHING ) It 's gon na be a great party . Okay , let ' er rip .
BIAGGIO : You should try not to think about them so much . ♪
And you taped the whole thing . [ Caroline ] Yeah , it was easy . I just had my camera peeking out from the purse that I left on the table .
Spud . Rolly Bassett got the contract . His bid was $ 6,000 under mine .
Wait until '' I Dream of Jeannie . '' And then , feed her when '' I Love Lucy '' comes on . We have to be quiet .
Fuck you , Frank ! Honey , I got the classic ciabatta bread . - They finally had it .
You know I did n't mean that . Ouiser , nobody pays attention to you . Well , I feel bad .
Hey , Joe , do you know we 've been walking for half a mile ? I can tell by how much we 've bonded . JOE :
What makes you think you can do that ? What makes you think you can do that ? I ... have had a lot of time , see , to ... think about what it is ... that makes somebody a good parent ... and it 's about constancy ... and it 's about ... patience , and it 's about listening ... and it 's about pretending to listen ... even when you ca n't listen anymore .
And Lucy found the word '' beet . '' I want to surprise her And find the word '' carrot '' ... but it 's hiding . Carrot !
What do you mean ? I 'm saying I want to be alone . Go away .
Oh , I 'm ... I 'm sorry I went on like that . I 've gotten everybody crying up in here .
Young lady , you have to tell the truth . You 're lying because you 're afraid . Objection .
Dad , come on . Yeah , it 's kind of cruel , Frank . FRANK :
We just talked and talked and talked . Oh , I love those kind of talks in the arms of the man you love . Yeah .
Joe ! You 've been in there for 54 ... 55 minutes , Joe ! ( knocking )
TRUVY : M'Lynn , have you seen this ? Yes , I have .
Oh , my God , what a panic . That 's something my great-grandfather would say . He 's a racist .
How are you ? Maybe you sound A little bit too excited . And maybe you might think about lowering your voice ... so maybe Lucy can hear you .
Oh , this is perfect weather for me . On cloudy days , I feel God 's not trying very hard , so I do n't have to either . I do n't function when it 's hot .
She said you 're not her real father anyway . She said she was adopted . Lucy !
( LAUGHS ) Miss Ouiser ! Girl , I thought Sammy would n't mind you reading the Bible in bed if you was wearing something inspirational . Inspiration !
SHELBY : As long as we 're alive , there 's risk for every one of us . Things happen .
Hey . How was , uh , fake family night ? Oh , it was great .
Yes . I think you have to read the word . No .
Okay . Just put your hands up for me . Spread your legs out for me .
I have the best friends in the whole world . Continue with your witness , Mr. Turner . Ms. Davis , I assume in your therapy session ... that Mr. Dawson extolled his parenting ability .
He hates that damn game . Did you see him the other night ? Well , he used to love it , you know , when it was , like , the four of us .
We 're going to open my birthday presents . You must be so excited . Why do n't you just go and do something ?
I got to use our meager travel budget On stories that sell magazines . Now , I think it 's great that everybody loves this song .
I 'm in the service industry now . - You mean you 're a waiter ? - No .
I hope ... I hope you 're saying what I think you 're saying . I hope you 're saying what I think you 're saying .
( Man ) I 'll have to take these from you , hold it . You 'll get them back whenever you 're done with your visit . You can put your hands down .
Look , you do n't know me , so I 'm gon na let you off the hook this time . But trust me , in the future you 'll be much happier if you always tell me the truth . Wait , wait , wait , I 'll be happier ?
Yeah , you got a glass ? * I wanted to see her . * Though I knew she had left me . *
Sorry , Mr . Egg . What 's wrong with your father ? Why 's he acts like a retard ?
She does n't care about Jonny , she does n't know the first thing about him . She just wants a guy who 's gon na do whatever she tells him to . It is a good thing that she broke up with you .
When Dustin Hoffman was trying to keep Billy ... from going back to Meryl Streep ... his lawyer told him that it would cost him $ 15,000 ... And that 's if we win . - $ 15,000 !
Oh , yeah ? About the band , the whole thing . Wow .
I can see it on you too , it 's starting . Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death . Amen .
No , I should stay . I should work on the first draft of this . I 'm not even ...
I got a AA meeting . I think there 's one at 9 : 00 at the rec center . But that 's not for your story .
All right . You guys know tonight is me and this girl 's one-month anniversary . I 'm counting that from the first time
( Woman ) Each defendant is fined $ 500 . Those fines are hereby suspended . And each defendant
I think it 's very important that you know ... that the foster family is pushing forward toward adoption . The Department of Child and Family Services and I ... fully support their request . Darn it .
It 's stupid is what that is . Why would they watch porn when they can get with a real girl ? - So you do n't do that normally ?
Absolutely . And Annie said that George thinks -- that George Harrison could n't -- maybe , he could n't write a song ... but then he wrote '' ' Here comes the Sun '' ... and she said that it was one of the best songs on '' Abbey Road . '' George was always my favorite Beatle .
Why did you say yes to me ? - That 's a very good question . - Yeah , so ?
When he wrote and produced that song , 16 . He was 16 years old . Did you know that ?
What are you saying ? - All I 'm saying is , that girl , she has her own agenda . She does n't care about Jonny , she does n't know the first thing about him .
? Nothing , what 's your name again ? Colin .
They 're great . But now , I do n't really see the point . I do n't know , I guess I 'm missing something .
That 's okay . I was gon na say , I wonder sometimes , you know , if I 'd have met somebody like her or you or , you know , somebody that had that kind of ... thing going on 15 years ago ... Well , you know what ?
He shot himself . Oh , no , oh , God , do n't tell me that . Besides , Mike Nesmith wrote that song .
But he just came by the farmer 's market , and , like , gave me a ... He went to the farmer 's market ? Yeah , he came by the farmer 's market .
♪ Was the end of that ♪ That was the end of that ♪ Was the end of that
Is everything cool ? Yeah , but the fuckin ' bitch got blood all over the fuckin ' sheets . We should wash that shit off .
In your browser ? Come on , do n't tell me you do n't know what your history is . No .
I know , and I heard you . Yeah , well , what I said was , I do n't think that this is working .
We had to . Want to be a surprise for Kenny . Was it ?
Unarmed ? With a suitcase full of money in each hand , a gun wo n't do me much good . Keep talking .
No , it seemed like a good idea . I 'm in the service industry now . - You mean you 're a waiter ?
♪ Was the end of that ♪ That was the end of that ♪ Was the end of that
♪ Tonight ♪ When I came home from work ♪ Tonight
What , you think last week was a joke ? It was a test run . Because that 's exactly the way this robbery 's gon na play out .
I 'm gon na go get something to eat . You want a hamburger or something ? I do n't eat meat .
He stopped . - I can take care of it . Wait a minute , wait a minute .
Reservoir Dogs meets Casablanca . How many times do I have to tell you that ? 'Cause all I think about is fuckin ' guys getting their ears cut off in the back ...
Pressure , pressure , pressure . Keep pressure on the wound . Can you do that , huh ?
Got the third one in the leg . He never walk right again . Yeah .
Jesus ! All right , well , let 's go . We got 36 minutes .
♪ One by one , we jumped the wire ♪ ♪ With a lending hand to inspire ♪ ♪ Both the artist and the writer ♪
Come on in , I 'll show you the dog . - I 'll take your word for it . - You sure ?
Did you do most of this ? Yeah , I did n't do much . I just put some plants in the growlers and the food ...
I did n't like the hours , mr kristo . Uh , corruption get to you , huh ? Not really .
At least to the best of my knowledge . What do they need security at an abandoned building for ? Well , it 's for insurance purposes .
I stopped drinking that day . Just , er , it just was n't as fun after that . Well , I guess I 'm just , er ...
Especially if you got to be out by tomorrow . You do n't want to help me move . No , I 'm willing to help you .
♪ Changed in the lazy chair ♪ And said , '' What 's that sorrow you bear ? '' ♪ ♪ And I could tell him
So I ... I put two and two together , mr landau , listen . You have to know that ..
They 're gon na kill her anyway . All they need is a reason to keep her alive . - How much cash we 've got ?
That 'll work . All you had to do was open the door . Come on , let 's get something to open this goddamn hinge .
It 's a personality thing . I would advise someone in a reverse situation to give you more ... Oh-oh , got ' em .
He opened one of the bags . You know , I was just starting to forget about her . Thank you so much for bringing that all back .
Ink 's looks right . It 's nice if they do n't ... This looks real enough .
Sorry . That was a terrible joke . Eggs ?
Yeah . Yeah , I also do some maintenance work as well . Yeah .
I wish they would try something . Whoa , whoa , what 's going on ? - What 's going on ?
I have n't betrayed you . There 's nothing that you can say that I 've done that 's wrong . I am a single human being hanging out with my friends .
Wait one sec . Let 's just put the money back . - I do n't like this , Mike .
Leila do the design ? - Yeah , you should see the bedrooms . Wait , that does n't sound right .
I do n't blame you . It 's a little last-minute , I understand . I want you to go home , sleep on it .
What 's up ? Why did you leave the hospital ? I do n't want some social services person come hauling my ass away to a foster home .
Okay . I 'm going up to the roof . I 'm gon na try to get a signal .
Whoa , that was fast . Public affairs back at the 77th said that it would be at least a week before anyone get back to me . Excuse me ?
He 's my brother . You know what that means , huh ? I 'm all he 's got .
Oh , buddy , you did great . - You were quiet in the crisis , man . - Jesus .
MARISSA : He so does n't want to talk to you . He looks like Duran Duran , both of them .
No , we are not done ... You really are as bad as they say . CONNOR :
Oh , Donna , look . You got a grenade launcher . Oh , my God , I love grenade launchers .
The soccer team . He 's wearing their team colors . You ca n't fuck with me , or what ?
All right , number one , that was years ago . There seems to be some debate about the time line . No , there is no debate .
It was awkward . Hey , you two dating again ? - Maybe .
Watch out for the flowers . - Would you like to dance ? - Oh , thank you but I 'm just watching the ...
What can I do for you ? Well , I just came in to open up the diner and the milk has n't been delivered yet . Is this really a police matter ?
Sandy . Save some liquor for the rest of the guests . - Bye , Mrs. Mead .
Had you not gotten yourself kicked off the track team . You really want to do this ? Ok , I serve my fuckin ' country in Iraq and Afghanistan .
I expect you to complete your mission . I do n't want to hear any excuses . Oh , shit !
This is not about the cake . This is about the fact that Paul slept with Donna . Information that you so kindly shared with Denise earlier tonight .
Yeah , boss ? We 've got some trouble with the farmer . What ?
I almost did n't recognize you in plain clothes . Well it 's my day off . Should be a quiet weekend .
It 's for your own safety . You 're talking to a 72 year old man with high cholesterol eating a bacon and cheddar omelet with extra cheddar . Do I look like I 'm afraid of death ?
Kaila , chin down , eyes here , arms to your side . - Somebody tell me he 's joking . CONNOR :
Cortez is the most vicious cartel boss since Pablo Escobar . Let 's make sure this guy never sees the light of day again . We will travel underneath the radar .
Where 's Mitchell ? He ​ ​ knows cars . Mitchell , come here .
A pistol round did n't do this . Can you tell which way they went ? Towards the canyon .
You 're not from around here , are you ? No , I 'm just passing through . Yeah , I thought so .
Dr. Alexander , 2860 . What am I gon na do , Lucky ? Hmm ?
I-I just- I do n't know what happened . I just-I 'm so- I 'm so nervous , because I really like you , and I know this is our first date and everything , and I know that it 's probably not the way that you wanted it to turn out , but I can be better . I really , really want to see you again , and I really want to prove to you that I can be-
Yeah . Can I use your bathroom ? Yeah , of course .
You said we 're Gloucestermen . What do you say , guys ? Are we or are n't we ?
Here comes your fearless leader , Captain Billy Tyne . I got a feeling skipper 's coming to give us bad news . Lady 's not only pretty , she 's smart .
Yeah , sure . You 're not from around here , are you ? No , I 'm just passing through .
Does it fly ? Faster than the speed of sound . Wonderful .
Who you calling a whore , you little bitch ? I do n't see what else- No , no , no , Cookie , Cookie , Cookie .
Look at this . We got Hurricane Grace moving north off the Atlantic seaboard . Huge getting massive .
I miss you so damn much . What 'd you say your name was again ? Irene .
Well , what brings anyone to this city ? I wanted to be a somebody . Is that so much to ask ?
Hey , I called in last week , and I was looking for the girl with the dog . I was-I was just wondering , is she-is she still there ? No , she 's gone .
How do he do it , mon ? I think he 's fishin with a longer pole , Bugs . What happened ?
Doctor ! Sit down for a minute , Johnny . I do n't want to sit .
Your captain takes double share , four crewmen get a share each . And a rookie like you , three-quarters share . That comes to $ 2221 .
Yeah , it 's been slow . If-if you want some company , I could- If you-if you 'd like , I could take you home .
I was scared . - You do n't think I 'm scared ? !
You need a new deodorant . - Maybe I need a new face . Frickin ' Alfred Pierre .
I had to pick a place for my party . I read that article about you . - The magazine !
Where , down in your pants ? Jesus , lady , where 's the passion in your life ? Home in bed .
Emily Dickinson ! Only the greatest poet ever ! Uncultured swine .
It 's like a Greek tragedy , is n't it ? OK guys , I 've got bad news . I 'm kicking you out ... so other people may eat .
I want my boat back . And I want to catch some fish . It 's what I do .
I ca n't believe it ... - Be careful of the cocktail . - Oh my God ...
Yeah . But why go all the way to the Flemish Cap to prove it ? Tell him , Alfred Pierre .
What ? To finally deliver that speech to a woman and have it apply to there . Because , coincidentally , I am all those things you just said .
We stay below and ride this thing out . Remember , this is my boat ! This is my life !
What do you think ? Blue skies , scattered showers , same old , same old ? - Your guess is as good as mine .
Definitely . - Where 's my little puppy dog ? - I think he 's upstairs .
Do you think that you 're generous ? Do you think you 're sweet ? Not particularly .
It 's just ... this majorly chilling effect ' cause you know exactly in the beginning ... what 's going to happen in the end . What I like about you is I find you ... completely unprecedented ... and therefore , utterly unpredictable .
First you bring food , and then you wan na spend the night , and then you bring a change of clothes , and then you bring a razor and , oh , my God , it 's a relationship . I do n't want a relationship . Well , you ca n't guarantee that now , can you ?
I hear in my mind all of this music And it breaks my heart And it breaks my heart It breaks my heart
I do n't know . You would n't want to go , would you ? Great .
Should I have ? What , and miss the opportunity of insulting me ? Oh , you like being insulted ?
It 's my heart . Nobody even thought I 'd last this long . I could 've put off telling you but ...
What about you , Jamie-bamie ? Zoloft and Zithromax in the Ohio River Valley . Welcome to Pfizer !
I just could n't finish college . I could n't sit through a class . Oh .
Yeah , hi . Thanks for a seeing me . I 've got everything that you asked for .
Does that mean I do n't have to leave a tip ? And now you 're thinking , '' Will I stay five minutes or ten ? '' And , '' Where did I throw my pager ? ''
Yes , you are . Oh , my God , I tell you I 'm involved with Trey Hannigan and you ca n't get it up .
When you forget that I have it . Mix this up a little bit ... Sorry ...
Culture . And not incidentally , my wife and kids . Only the great and near-great get Chicago , but I got a hunch that you and your swinging dick might be my ticket to the big leagues .
Ooh , heaven is a place on earth Men with diabetes , men with prostate cancer , men with massive penile injuries . Men with performance anxiety , men with any common form of impotence or sexual dysfunction .
Of course . I know , I got it , I got it . What happened to Lynn ?
She 's the perfect woman . Young , beautiful and on her way out . - Not funny , John .
Comes and goes ? It 's none of your business . Happens when you 're nervous .
I ca n't even imagine ! You know what I think ... To have found a solution to the stiffest , hardest ...
He 's blocking all the foreign IPs . Only Americans can gain access to the site . How patriotic .
We 've got him using mirrors in Russia , Malaysia ... It 's too public a forum . They do n't want their capabilities known .
You 're kind of sexy . You should take one of these . Very lightweight on your shoulders , ladies .
Of course , it really happened . Who wants to see a movie about protesting ? Whatever .
We 'll keep in touch . It feels like a frozen Popsicle . Shit .
The E/ Spirito de Gracie/ a sails Friday ... 8 : 00 a.m. Sharp . We 'll target all the cars within 45 minutes of here . By the time their alarm tracking systems are activated ... the cars will already be in these containers .
Come on , baby . Let 's get you out of these clothes . I 've been monitoring the site all week .
You sure it 's a guy ? If it 's a woman , she could be my soul mate . Send it over to me .
Save it . - You get another one of these suits , all right ? - God bless you , son .
You check the headlines , check the stock market watch some strangers have sex . See a journalist get his head cut off . When did the world go so fucking insane ?
Any American who visits the site is an accomplice to murder . We are the murder weapon . Any American ...
Well , actually , we ... We actually came to talk about some things . - About what ?
Baby , baby , ride on Oh , do n't do this to me . / thought you 'd be out of my mind
Okay . Let 's see what you got for me . Oh , hey , because you 're dying to know I 'm almost positive my first date last night is eligible for the hall of fame .
But how do you know he has n't already stolen it ? Oh , if I know our boy , I believe he 'll leave this one till last . - Why ?
Jennifer Marsh , FBI Cyber Crimes up in Portland . We need you to knock down a door for us . Oh , I got ta get reassigned .
Flourishing , really , except for the minor inconvenience of despising everything about your country . On this list you 'll fînd 50 cars ... fîve , zero .
No prints but his own . We passed out photos of the basement to some local contractors . They say , judging from the timbers , the house was built in the ' 20s or ' 30s .
It got him all the way into my wireless network . Which means that he has access to all my files . Call me when you get there .
Control , vision , determination . These are the three fundamental components ... of the new generation race car driver . Speed is a byproduct .
I love you , too , babe . I bet you 'd like me to do this some other time ! Hey , friendly .
All right ? And we make a deal . You take 80 from 200 , and we call it even .
Now , because of the uniqueness of the crime , and because the FBI is able to provide resources critical to this investigation they will be leading the interagency task force assigned to the case . He flew helicopters for a living . What 's his connection to a U.S. congressman ?
Wait . He usually goes for the licence plates . - You sure ?
Although Jess ' menu of dudes was never-ending , there was only one guy I wanted to be my date . And that 's him , Toby Tucker . I could n't work up the courage to say three words to Toby .
Yeah , yeah , they 're fîne . They 're on their way back to Otto 's . Donny and Freb are already there .
Okay , I think I can probably finish this later . It all started senior year , about a month before homecoming . I was cruising the halls with my two best friends ...
What ? I want everybody to get back to the garage now . Oh , so she 's having the baby right now ?
It is another problem , is n't it ? It 's about me delivering 50 top-end cars because I said I would ... because if I do n't my South American friend goes somewhere else from now on . And that 's not good .
But only because you 're a dipshit and a man-whore . But you 're the only one in this whole school who told me what was actually going on . So you 're an honest dipshit , and that 's what counts .
Destructive . How destructive can you be at three ? I guess destructive enough for the state to take him back .
He 's an idiot . You know , I saw you and Madison . - Okay .
You 're welcome . All right , well , you held up your end of the bargain , so I guess I will hold up mine . Here are my chemistry notes , okay ?
I know . Toby Tucker , I 've loved you for a long time . - Mr. Tucker .
Yeah , Bianca ! - Let 's get the hell out of here . All .
What if I informed you that she was scheduled to be put down anyway later this afternoon at the pound ? Nothing you can do to stop it . Then would you take the $ 10,000 ?
Because I actually heard that Dave Buster 's is , like , the cool , hip new spot . The place with the metal claw game ? - Yeah , that 's the one .
Yeah , I know . I 'm kind of in the middle of something right now . Okay , fun or whatever the hell you 're doing :
And I 've just been thinking about some stuff , and I just ... I 'd really like to talk to you , okay ? Call me back .
God ! You know , your door was open again . You got to get that fixed .
Will there be a lot of walking , though ? Because I 'll wear my Shape-ups . Having some ...
I ca n't . Your choices have ramifications , Daddy . Now !
I want you to take me ... Take me on this table right now . What 's up ?
And geeks basically run the country . I thought we were living in a brave new world , a place without labels . But every so often , there 's that one moment in high school that changes your perspective on everything .
Okay . Of course , this is in regards to your work at Milburn . We 've drawn a connection and hoping that someone might come to mind , which is why we 've come here , hoping you could narrow the field .
It 's just that it could be spam . It could be one of your stupid friends . It had the same symbol right there from that musician !
Maybe you should just try , Fi . You know , maybe you should just try . You 're right .
Mr. Campbell ? Not another one of you . I just ...
Yeah , his office . So that 's now two handmade hourglasses . They match perfectly .
Sugga Nigga or JTRO ? Who it gon na be tonight ? 3 ... 2 ... 1 ...
It could be one of your stupid friends . It had the same symbol right there from that musician ! Why did n't you tell me ?
God . Look , guys , I got to go . Well , South Bat tonight ?
We gots to '' Beat-Beat '' this shit right again . BTRO was on the front lines , JTRO . Why did n't he ever tell me about any of this shit ?
I am going to take something much more dear to you than that . Either you lose the ability to hear or your lose the ability to play . [ whimpering ]
Thats what time it is ! You 're an embarrasment to this fuckir community ! Dad , stop it !
Fuck it . Lets see what the kid 's got . # Yo , if you could flow as well as I play '' Tick Tack Toe , '' #
.. Get crazy The heat is on .. .. Get crazy Crazy , crazy , crazy .... Stingers !
Oh , nothing : Do n't let me slow you down : It 's just --
No . Stacy , God damn it , run ! Shh .
And you 've got ta follow the rules : Well , do you see Tina anywhere around here ? No :
It 's where some of the cheerleaders are staying : Um , I 'm trying out for the team : You girls do n't cheer , do you ?
[ Clears Throat ] What about soliloquies ? - Well , we do n't really have -- - And what about accents ?
[ Both Giggling ] First day of college , I 'm already saving my roommate : You did not have to save me :
You 'd think The Nutcracker is a patriarchal ballet : Okay ?
You 're gon na lose your scholarship : Yeah , well , whatever I lose in financial aid , So I 'm in : !
J : ' s : One spot above cafeteria workers : Actually ,
Hi , Mom . You know , flour can be so sensual . In Heaven it took me 3 months to find a priest up here for the wedding .
Blonde gave you the pill as requested . Now give us what we asked for in return . - The question ?
They 'll come back to me with the details . - The devil 's in the details , Dad . Could we not say that word on a Sunday .
Outwit them . He 's an enemy of the group , and a distraction ! Are you gon na give me a hand ?
Still is . Not many like him around . Put your finger on here , will you ?
I thought they were kids from a special-needs school ..... hanging out at a recording studio , cos it was free food , or summat . And they knew their names . I do n't mind S Club Juniors , they 're all right .
I 'm the one you want ! I 'M THE ONE YOU WANT ! If you try to communicate with myself or the guard ..... you will be disqualified .
* In the station * And the meaning of existence * In fortnightly instalments
Cynthia Martin ... has been doing her level best to undermine my leadership . I believe she 's planning a coup . A coup ?
Thank you . You wanted convulsions- now you 've got them . You think he 's faking it .
.. you know , off your fuckin ' head on acid , ..... and going '' It 's from the fuckin ' Prime ... '' `` It 's from the Prime Minister ! '' `` What does it say ? ''
She did not see anything last night . - She saw you last night . No .
It was all them people there . * She 'll carry on through it all Spike Island . :
Best of luck , ladies and gentlemen . We 're giving the eight of you 80 minutes . 80 minutes to convince us you have what it takes to join us .
It 's after five , and I 'm here and you 're not . So , well , it 's funny actually , because I only came here ... to tell you that I 'm not coming , but I guess you beat me to it . Perhaps you 're already there with one of those girls you do n't know .
I do n't think Oasis will do any better than this ever . No , I do n't like the album . - Why do n't you like the album ?
How are we going to get that upstairs ? - Oh , we 'll find a way . What do you think is in it ?
* All your hopes and dreams * Are a million miles away ... Liam started believing what was written in the NME about him .
For colour photography . To pull black letters from a white background all you need is developing fluid . Let 's do this .
Put your finger on here , will you ? - But why is it , when they eventually do find God , that they lose their sense of humour ? Oh .
There you go again . How are we going to get that upstairs ? - Oh , we 'll find a way .
Those are n't . They wo n't bite , you know . They 're not gon na make it that easy , are they ?
I was born in Whitechapel hospital , ..... and I lived in Leytonstone until I was nine . I went to the same school as Jonathan Ross . Then I moved to Colchester , ..... and I felt completely like a fish out of water .
They think that art 's so sensational , ..... when really it 's the stuff in newspapers which is more sensational . When you actually go there ... Like the cow and calf cut in half .
If you try to communicate with myself or the guard , you will be disqualified . If you spoil your paper , intentionally or accidentally , you will be disqualified . If you choose to leave the room for any reason , you will be disqualified .
As it 's such a big day for you , Vicar , I 've given you extra . It 's only a bit of fun , Grace . - Oh , ca n't I talk you out of it .
I wan na step up as badly as you do ! Like I said , trust is a devalued currency in here . What proof can I possibly give you ?
So , they made love in every room in the house , did they , Lilian and Brian ? And they went around twice . - Twice .
And the blue-green algae ... is one of the worst you can get . So there 's really just the one option . Yes , as he says , really there 's really ... just the one option .
* And down the waterfall * Wherever it may take me * I know that life wo n't break me
Oh , dear . Never mind , the best night 's sleep I 've had in a long time . Every cloud has a silver lining .
I think it 's the best album of this year . I do n't think Oasis will do any better than this ever . No , I do n't like the album .
How hard can they afford to make it ? So has anyone figured out the answer yet ? It 's not about the answer , it 's about the question .
I do n't know anything about the board . I made an educated guess . But you ... you know who the CEO is and what he 's like .
Open to me my dove , for my head is filled with the drops of the night . Come , my beloved , let us see if the wine flourishes ... and the tender grapes appear ... and the pomegranates bud forth . '' Wow ... showtime !
Looks like we 're outnumbered . - I would n't cry about it . - You 've the edge over us now .
If you 're gon na do it , do it now . - Forgotten what you said about him ? We 're not releasing him We 're saving his life !
I should be sweet with that . I prefer the BlackBerry , though . Now , seriously now , yeah ?
* But there 's no easy way out * The day 's moving just too fast for me * I need some time in the sunshine ... *
Slight problem with Mike . Get him back here now . Then I pulled out my gun and tried to shoot him .
Go on , then , shoot me . Go on , shoot me in the head , go on . - See ?
* .. to cry , now 's the time to find out why * I think you 're the same as me * We see things they 'll never see
Now ... now ... Now try and feel it . Feel it .
What he 's suggesting ? I 'm not resolving with him , Malcolm . That 's ridiculous .
Zoe did explain to me about the tranny thing , but it did rather go over my head . When the dress went over her/ his head , - they could have kept his pants on .
Not really something I can say no to . I 'll tell you what , let 's have a big one tonight , a proper catch-up . - D'you know Terry 's on Gloucester Road ?
[ Judith ] Oh , come on . This is a young person 's paradise . I do n't want to go around bonking everything that moves .
I know his mother . Anyway , I do n't want the books back . And I expect that goes for a lot of other women .
Look , I 'm not on some gap year , okay ? I have big plans for this place . I want to increase the membership .
That 's nice . Now this Zoe fielder girl , your sister-in-law , I believe . - She is .
* I do n't know * * I am blind to the part of my mind * * that asks me where I am going * * and it 's not that I do n't know the answer * * I just do n't know what to say * * not that I know how to answer * * in any other way *
Baby , please . I 'm trying to get out of this . And if you 're with me , I think I can do it .
[ Sighs ] Yes . I 'm getting too old for it too . - Who said I 'm too old ?
For you and for us . [ Mike ] This had been the longest six months of my life . Not helped by regular visits from the same French copper asking the same questions over and over every day .
Lily may be a while . Why do n't I show you around ? So you do n't charge people to be here ?
I want the shop to survive . Do you have a copy of '' conduct unbecoming '' please ? Uh , yes , I 've got one copy left .
We do n't do that here . Why do n't we start with a hug ? Please , Lily .
Writing . You do it every day . Oh , that .
All right , I 'll read it . Leave your details with Matilda , and maybe you 'll hear from us in due course . Any idea when ?
If she wants you to act for her , we 'll need her to sign power of attorney over to you . I take it that wo n't be a problem ? - No problem at all .
[ Ralph ] I 'm not talking sex . How about a nice massage ? Do n't knock it till you 've tried it .
I can tell you . What Lydia does n't know about BDSM - is n't worth knowing .
Do n't you know anything ? I 'm proud to say I do n't . That 's because you have n't read the book .
Now , can we play , please ? Good thing I 'm not superstitious . Enjoy your Saturday job ?
I thought she 'd be back after a week or two . She 's always wanted to go to law school . Have n't you ?
Sold 104 copies . I have 104 friends and relatives . What 's wrong with a woman making money from writing novels like these ?
Lily . Have you ever considered may have some feelings that do n't revolve around you ? [ Sighs ]
I was just trying to be honest . Not always the best policy . You need people on the side , that 's what these junkets are all about .
It 's a slippery slope . Well , you 're not alone now . [ Clings ]
The only had to certify me ' sane ' , ai n't they ? So before I knew it , I was back on the streets again ! But Charlie B. ai n't no fucking pillow biter ( passive homosexual )
No they would n't . Maybe I 'd punch them back . We 're definitely a band now .
[ Chuckles ] Do you really get any pleasure out of reading that ill-formed garbage ? Pleasure ?
♪ If I could have a second skin , I 'd probably dress up in you ♪ ♪ You 're a star now ♪ ♪ I am fixing people 's nails ♪
we 've noticed stylistic inconsistencies . Yes , yes , it 's as though several writers were involved in the narrative . And each with their own identifiable style .
It 's very exciting to meet you . Our Jacky here , he says you 're quite a celebrity , on the inside . Thank you .
To train for Jihad ... I recruited them , indoctrinated them . And shipped them off to the training camps .
and that scares ' em . So they 'll keep you drugged up . What 's that gon na change ?
♪ Rarely does the dream boy come along ♪ ♪ He do n't exist ♪ ♪ A lover with the candor of a friend ♪
Tourist locations . I was told to let it develop . I was assured that it would be stopped , at the eleventh hour .
Then I do n't mind . So , what would you rather do ? Well , when I started this , I was hoping we were going to write songs .
Ai n't gon na change the ' you ' inside . Nothing can hold the truth . You 're no more mad than I am .
) . ♪ ♪ When I look back upon my life ... ♪ ♪ it 's always with a sense of shame ♪ ♪ I 've always been the one to blame
♪ ♪ They 're of the temporary sort , I think ♪ ♪ I will be better without ♪
She 's terrified . - Abdullah stepped up her security too . He 's hired a bunch of Chechens .
I had to get out somehow . This was no hotel I wanted to stay at anymore . Being a celebrity and all I needed to check out .
We get people to play drums or bass or whatever we need , but we tell them right from the start that we 're the band . They do what they 're told or they can leave . But I mean , do you think people would actually go for that ?
I had a calling . I just did n't know ... what it is . Was n't singing
I do n't give a shit ! Our way of life ... it 's over . It 's unsustainable and in rapid decline .
♪ Took the fence and the lane ♪ ♪ The bus then the train ♪ ♪ Bought an Independent to make me look like I got brains ♪
♪ You ai n't talkin to me now ♪ ♪ Little Miss Plucky ♪ ♪ Pluck your eyebrows for the crowd ♪
Your responsibility , your ability to interact within group . I strongly advise that you continue to follow this path . And I look forward to seeing some of this wonderful work I 've heard so much about .
let your enemy impose his win on you . You need any help , Miller ... you let me know .
Should help you tremendously with your work . Mr. Danielson really has got great confidence in your cooperation . Your responsibility , your ability to interact within group .
I know I have to eat , I know how to eat . I know I was n't looking after myself , but I 'll do okay . ♪
She 's talking to you . She does n't know , where the cells are , so ... It 's not your job to save this girl , Miller .
Is n't that wonderful ! However ... you are being moved . Where ?
♪ ♪ Besides , it 's part of my induction ♪ ♪ Into the literate world ♪
And I can promise you this . If you further this mindless behavior , if you continue to act in this nihilistic and godless fashion you will die inside . Uno , dos , tres ...
Thank you . Brian and me are getting married . Right .
What 're you doing ? He 's not the priority , we stick with the target . Negative , trust me on this , Dan .
Nothing can hold the truth . You 're no more mad than I am . Yeah it 's all just made up , just rubbish .
♪ They know the dance too well ♪ ♪ The bodies heavenly ♪ ♪ Move around the autumn sky with measured dignity ♪
Tough time to be young in England . Not a lot of opportunity around . Still ... life moves on
What ? They do n't even try to hide it now . I found a needle in the toilets last week .
I do n't need him , but I am his older . I 'm the one he looks up to , me ! I really think you 're missing the point , you know ?
♪ I learned to stifle the shouts and the outrage I 'm feeling deep down ♪ ♪
Where is Mr. Brown ? He 's in the hospital , sir . He 's having trouble breathing .
Okay . Nah , nah , nah mate , this way , right this way . - Head up .
The robbers dropped the lot and they leg it ! They 've got no chance , except ... Newcastle United versusArsenal at Highbury .
Robert Miller , Jerry is with the home office . - Hello Sir , nice to meet you . - Chris tells me you served in The Paras .
Now come on , it is n't the money 's fault it got stolen . - I thought it was from God . - What ?
It was Dan 's idea , to the bloke . Dan , I need you to take care of that thing for me , alright ? - Yeah .
Well , you 'll see what we can do . But I ca n't promise anything . Why not ?
Who knows what effect that could have . - And she 's perfect cover for him . - She came out of Ain al-Hilweh .
Did it feel good sticking it to the old man ? I do n't know what you 're talking about . I bet it did .
You knew where the cells were when they were brought back to the UK . You could 've arrested them , but you did n't . Why ?
But what am I going to do with all this ? I just want to be good . Look I ca n't say too much about this , because of that whole free will thing .
Did n't have the zest for it anymore , if you know what I mean , sir ? We 'll negotiate with the Taliban before the politians realize it . - Did you find a job yet ?
Arigon Following the findings of the enquiry concerning the aftermath of Operation Blue Jay . The ruling of the committee commend not only myself , but other members of the squad .
Loads of money . We 've been saving it up for ages . You can have it if you need it .
I just ... I just thought I ... should prepare you for what might end up in court , that 's all . If it ever gets to court .
Breakfast ! `` Let RA , RC , RE denote the circum radii '' `` of triangles FAB , BCD , DEF respectively . ''
Do you know why ? Because he had a piece of lamb hidden in his pocket . And as he is passing the fish , he sneaks a bit of meat out and pretends he 's taken it off the plate .
I used to go and hide up there . If anyone needed me , I 'd send them a vision , sort them out . That 's why I 'm the patron saint of television .
Mention it to the police ? - No , there 's no point , is there ? Because they only stole the pills and some CD 's .
So , what 's it gon na be ? Because I do n't think you can take much more of this . All right , there was this one old fella ...
All of it , because it 's ours . I know you 've got it . It 's mine .
I barely encourage myself to get out of bed , let alone inspire some kid with special powers who wants to spend all his spare time doing maths . So as long as we 're clear . What 's that for ?
ding dong After E-day your old money will no longer be legal tender . Wish pounds goodbye and euros ...
Which I believe I technically am now . Of course , one of the most famous infinitive splits of all time came in the introductory lines of Star Trek , '' to boldly go , '' and ... I think if the writers of a popular American television series can get away with it for 40 years , then , really , any of us can .
And at first I thought I 'd fooled him . But now I see it was a miracle , one of his best . But this little kid had stood up and ...
It must be hard to lose someone that you love so much . You think it will work ? 100 % ?
Anyway , Fischer won . You do n't have anyone to play with . No .
Yes , that 's right , that 's correct , sir . Mr. Brown is a close friend of Leonard Attwell , the senior citizen found stabbed in the pedestrian subway . It 's the same pedestrian subway where last night 's shooting took place and both victims were questioned in connection with Mr. Attwell 's death .
So ... 20 random cards are placed in a row all face-down . A move consists of turning a face-down card face-up and turning over the card immediately to the right . Show that no matter what the choice of cards to turn this sequence of moves must terminate .
I would n't have said nervous . I would have said focused . Well , have you any room ?
No point in dilly-dallying , I suppose . I 'll pin your scores up on the board in a second . The five outstanding students guaranteed a place at the IMO in Cambridge this year are ...
I used to have a hermitage , myself , once . I used to go and hide up there . If anyone needed me , I 'd send them a vision , sort them out .
What the fuck is he talking about ? I 've got a report here from Social Services , Mark , that tells me you 've been in and out of foster care since you were 6 years old . And you 've made some pretty serious allegations of sexual abuse .
Emphysema . Also , Dean Saunders was found on that canal stabbed to death . He too was questioned by myself and Hicock and then released .
Did you know you could win medals for maths , Nathan ? Just like sport , only for people who are really , really strong up here instead . Mrs Ellis , if Mr Humphreys is willing
Hello . The speaker went on the bin . Your dad said he 'd fix it .
That 's Portland . Bisecting that at right angles , is Lundy on that side . On this side there 's Fastnet .
That 's what your solicitor 's told you to say and that 's your right , but if there 's something you do n't tell us today , that you later on decide you want to use in court in your defence ... - Dean , can you hear me ? - Dean !
Now that 's what I call a dead prawn . This prawn is definitely deceased . When I bought it half-hour ago , you assured me that its lack of movement was due to it being tired and shagged out .
Breakfast ! `` Prove that RA plus RC plus RE '' `` is greater than or equal to P over 2 . ''
Then ... Why did you say Proust ? It was a joke .
That 's right . I used to have a hermitage , myself , once . I used to go and hide up there .
It 's nothing to be frightened about . Do n't run in the corridor . Excuse me .
Joseph the Worker , first century , dates uncertain ? I would n't have said nervous . I would have said focused .
Well , it 's not mine . It must have been left there by one of my exes . ( chuckles softly )
Have a look at this . What do you make of these 2 ? It 's the same lady , only in this one , she 's got her back to us .
I discussed it with myself and I decided it would be a good idea . Are you sure you 're not too rusty for all this ? I can manage a bit of shepherding .
I reckon I 'm gon na have to turn around and go back . I was really looking forward to fitting your kitchen . Yeah , listen , the battery on my phone 's running low .
Makes no sense . Why are you helping us ? You 're angry with me about the woman , the baby .
Having been given a mandate by the public with such a resounding election victory , it 's our duty to follow that lead , and to prioritize making our country absolutely safe from these cowardly terrorists . One of the government 's first steps was the removal of the Secret Service 's old guard , Sir Scott Catesby , and the passing of more stringent terror laws which saw the deportation of the radical cleric Nabil Alawi . I am returning to my country of birth tomorrow but I am distraught that the country that is my home is expelling me on false charges .
You 're just running away . I think you should leave . You really got under my skin , and I have absolutely no idea why .
I need a guarantee of protection . A Secret Service team are after me now . I have enclosed the evidence I have accumulated and proof of my identity .
You should relax more , not take it so seriously . It 's all right for you , you got the best in the world to choose from . But having your niece on the team , Deng ?
Oh , thanks very much . And you need n't thank me for telling him nothing happened between us . I was n't planning to .
He just was n't interested . Wasted four years of my life . Lost it a bit , actually .
( distant power tool whirrs ) Yeah , maybe we should cut there . Me and Louise were just talking about how stupid you are .
If you come now you can get an extra scoop of ice cream . Extra scoop of Ice cream . And what do I get ?
I 'm not sure . Bombings are making us all nervous . Do n't worry about it .
It was a disaster . There 's no sugaring the pill . When they used the word amateur , it was n't a compliment .
You know the type of Muslim I 'm talking about . He 's so ashamed of who he is . He gives himself a Western name .
Okay , then . Let 's begin at the beginning , shall we ? Mmm-hmm .
He 's getting pressures from on high . You did what you could , Ewan . Charlotte ?
We were doing our job . Our job is to do what 's right . What did she mean ?
There 's nothing you can say that 's going to make any difference , so why do n't you just stop this ? All you 're doing is upsetting me , so if that 's what you want to do , then you 're doing a good job . Shame .
♪ Jack , I want you back ♪ So do a little something like call my name ♪ See your soon , Jack
Look at it through her eyes . She 's had to endure a very acrimonious divorce , and then she loses her mother in a car crash . I know you mean well , but I ca n't have her getting to know a succession of lovers just for them to disappear .
That of course is entirely your opinion , but we feel that he did fulfill all your specifications . So , tell me , what is it that we can supply this time that we did n't supply last time ? What am I looking for that 's different from last time ?
No way . There 'd be a lion , a tiger and a pink panther . He knows !
This was the end of the Wars of the Roses . This is where the House of Lancaster and the House of Cornwall ... What ?
Harry , we 're good to do this . Will you just get yourself out there now , please ? Great , yeah .
Are you all right in there ? Are you hiding from somebody ? - Can I move this rail ?
I conked out on the sofa . - Well , come up now , then . - I 'm all cleaned up now .
William had a tough time over the last few years , but he was coming out the other side , and he 'd just met Lawrence . Lawrence is an actor , so you can imagine what a handful he was . You 'd recognize him .
'That 's the difference between me and you and the rest of the world . 'When I got out , I thought I 'd make a new start . ' I do n't do the drink like I used to .
Especially since it 's your round . Can I get a red wine and orange juice , please ? No problem at all .
Ca n't or wo n't ? This fills a gap , does n't it ? You reckon you do enough good deeds , God 's gon na fix your insides ?
Vicar confirmed . Which puts Stromming in the clear . He might have had an affair with her , but the rest of it , no go , I 'm afraid .
Sam ! Sam , come in here now ! I 'm going to kill you !
So , what can do for you ? I 'm hoping you 'll be able to tell us how your London telephone number came to be found written on the hand of a schoolgirl murdered last Sunday in Bagley Wood . My telephone number ?
Helen James , head of the Glassmore Hotel Victims Committee , had this to say about the findings . I do n't see how you solve the underlying problem and I do n't think anyone really does . And , of course , this may lead to ... to , you know , more security and more troops going out and possibly more people being killed , but I do n't see how that solves the problem .
I understand . I 'll take you home and I 'll help you get some gear . After that , we 're done .
I 'd fill the place with exotic creatures , yeah ? Like off the Blue Planet . Not your fucking run-of-the-mill common or garden , or fucking diddly fucking zoo .
We were best friends before she fell in with Valerie 's crowd . You 're not part of that ? No fear .
This is a very serious complaint . Did Inspector Thursday hit Teddy Samuels ? No , sir .
'Anyway , I 'm signing off now . 'My address is on this letter , so write to me if you feel like it . 'No pressure . '
Can I have a word ? You may be smart but you are close to failing . It 's a I 'm afraid .
need a name and address for your Saturday puzzle setter , Oz . Out of luck , then , are n't you ? He 's anonymous , like most of them .
Welcome to the team . Carl will be yours throughout the season . His brutal touch , your reward for being a part of the relay squad .
The other problem is that Ray Decosio , Darius 's lawyer- not the brightest spark in the fire- is getting help from one of those legal-action organizations . The Southern Justice League .
`` at Cowley Police Station , Oxford. `` It is believed extra officers from Carshall Newtown are being drafted in to assist in the search . '' Well , that 's us , that is .
Sliced her up , and you cut her deep . What was it , 30 times ? It was deep , deep , deep !
We 've got Jill of Jamaica , Femi of Nigeria , then Temple of Great Britain . The brilliant american , Kelly Harris , she goes in Zane four , Andrews in Zane five . Then Kolachenko of the Ukraine , and finally a French athlete , Rouberre , out in lane seven .
J ' J ' Io non gli scendo incontro . J '
We volunteered to drive fuel and ammo to ... We took a wrong turn . D 's truck got hit first .
Yeah , we 're getting there . To be honest , if some of the other coaches would give me a little bit more time with the girls then I think we 've got a real shot this season . Well , you are the other coach , Tommy .
J ' need a name and address for your Saturday puzzle setter , Oz . Out of luck , then , are n't you ?
It 's not for good . Even if he got life without parole , he 'd still be able to talk . I told you , man , Borgos is taking over the case .
What happened ? Oh , someone she 'd left behind . They 'd been something in her first year .
I had a wicked night . - See you on the track . - I 'll see you on the track , yeah .
Detective Constable Morse . Wonder if we might speak to you a moment . With me ?
What ? Look good and run fast , girl . That 's how it works .
Obviously you do n't . A diagnosis of PTSD depends on the subject reporting a certain , in fact a very wide range , of symptoms . I nsomnia , irritability .
They get an idea in their head , what can you do ? Mary did have a boyfriend , as it goes , but it were n't me . Miles something .
Doing all right ? You lot heard about this fundraiser on the 15th ? No .
Take me to the club ! Take me to the club ! Whoo !
Very poetic . Except he 'd done for himself before we 'd found her body . He could n't have known she was dead , sir .
All this fuss . It 'll just be some stunt . Attention seeking .
Third , tomorrow , interview Mr. Darius Grady . I ca n't tell you how grateful we are you agreed to come and testify . The defense is getting real traction with this PTSD stuff .
Once to prove he 's a man . And once to prove he can kill . What are you doing down there , Dr. Hill ?
Set ... What is wrong with Shania ? She 's faster than that .
Where 's Tara ? Look , You know that girl , she could be anywhere , all right ? What are you lot doing at my Auntie 's ?
Do you really think these rich white people are gon na give you money ? Loads of black athletes get funding . Yeah , but they do n't look like you .
Absolutely smashing her personal best there . Great Britain are keeping up with the leaders at the end of day two . Can they edge ahead in tonight 's sprint final ?
Who cares ? You kill , you get killed . Guess so .
Lend it to me , innit ? - Lend this money to you ? If it 's your money .
Great Britain are back in it now - She threw the first punch , Tommy . - I know .
You know who I am ? The Southern I njustice something- Southern Justice League .
[ Ditch the O ] and get something stronger . ... Makes it easier to talk to these suits . Right .
I do n't like shrinks . Especially not in my courtroom . They confuse people .
What was it , 30 times ? It was deep , deep , deep ! - And then you raped her .
... Focus and concentration from you , okay ? This is n't about them , this is about everything that we 've worked for . - Yeah .
♪ We got an eco-friendly government , They preserve our natural habitat ♪ Built an entire Olympic village ♪ Around where we live Without pulling down any flats
The French team have a lane infringement in their final leg . The French have been disqualified Great Britain are through to the final . Are you joking ?
No thank you . I 've seen the way you help people . I can show that Darius might not have committed the murders .
♪ My art is great ♪ It 's my mind that 's in the darkest place ♪ I ca n't erase the memories I have of darker days
You think he did it ? You ever killed anyone , Deputy Phelps ? Only in the line of duty .
I just wan na try a bit , innit ? - If your brother knew you was here ! - Shut up !
♪ What you looking at You little rich boy ? ♪ We 're poor round here Run home and lock your door ♪ Do n't come round here no more You could get robbed for
♪ Do n't listen to those lies ♪ ♪ They 're playing '' Follow the Leader '' ♪ ♪ They 're demons in disguise ♪
What have you got to ask for ? Know what you 're picking up ? - Bio-carbonate-
♪ He 's happy , it seems ♪ ♪ So I 'll be a fleeting sound ♪ ♪ A light way out on the water ♪
Nah , I 'm getting ' it now . - What do you mean you 're getting it now ? - Huh ?
♪ What you looking at , you little rich boy ? ♪ We 're poor round here Run home and lock your door ♪ Do n't come round here no more You could get robbed for
♪ ... it out till only love remains ♪ ♪ To start again ♪ Where 's Don ?
You ca n't just go and -- Do n't be telling me what I can and ca n't do , you understand ? - Yeah , but --
Do n't be a ...... ? I need that for the bus Do you got any fags ?
Yeah , you know , like plans . ♪ Love is not mine ♪ ♪ Girl like me so hard to find ♪
Pearl He 'll know where to go Kelly needs to work work as what ?
Nearly 12 do you want something else ? some ice cream or something Mate , ice cream .. please flavour do you want ?
you 're a virgin ? do you know what virgin is ? yeah so are you one ?
Oh , yeah ? You keep talking dirty to me like that , darling , and you could become my new girlfriend . You paying attention , ladies ?
what 's the quickest way to the pier ? about 20 yards that way , if you cut through town where have you been ?
What 's the matter , Rixie ? You not happy in your work ? We 'll talk about it inside .
Win . The people of Leeds are used to winning . - Thanks , Dave .
Could n't wait to get away . Well , he cheats and all . Neither of those goals should 've been allowed .
NO , I WO N'T DO IT . THERE MUST BE SOMETHING ELSE . LAURA , ARE YOU STILL THERE ?
Well played , Billy . And that penalty spot ... is lost somewhere in the middle of a desperate patch of mud . And it 's 2-nil .
NO , DO N'T WORRY , IT 'S PROBABLY THE GHOST . I CA N'T TAKE YOU ANYWHERE WITHOUT YOU DESTROYING EVERYTHING . YOU MIGHT WANT TO HAVE A LOOK AT THIS .
IT 'S DAMIEN AND PETE . I 'M NOT GOING TO LET ANYONE IN . FOR CHRIST 'S SAKE , THERE 'S A MURDERER OUT THERE .
WE 'LL FIGURE SOMETHING OUT . RIGHT NOW , HE 'S HUNTING US , AND THAT 'S WHY WE HAVE TO GO DOWNSTAIRS
HAVE YOU EVER -- DO YOU EVER HAVE WEIRD THINGS HAPPENING ... HERE ?
I WAS ASKING WHERE I COULD GET A BITE TO EAT , NOT WHERE THE NEAREST BROTHEL WAS . - SURE , BLAME IT ON STRANGERS --
Let me talk to them . You 'll all get the chance to say whatever it is you want to say in due course ... What are you doing ?
We 're from the North , Pete . What do we care about Brighton ? Bloody Southerners .
NO , GIVE THEM AN HOUR AND THEY 'D HAVE ME BACK ON THE FARM . NOTHING QUITE LIKE BEING WOKEN UP AT 5 : 00 IN THE MORNING BY COWS .
Lovely pair of feet . I 've heard he wants out of Sunderland too . They 're all jumping ship up there .
And there in the stand is Brian Clough . And listen to the crowd . We want Clough !
YOU MIGHT WANT TO HAVE A LOOK AT THIS . WELL , IF IT INVOLVES ME GETTING UP , YOU 'LL HAVE TO DESCRIBE IT TO ME . WOW , A BOOK IN A LIBRARY .
I DO N'T KNOW WHAT YOU 'RE TALKING ABOUT . IF YOU WERE SNOWED IN WITH THOSE TWO , YOU 'D WANT A MISTRESS . HOW LONG WILL IT KEEP SNOWING FOR ?
I 've heard he wants out of Sunderland too . They 're all jumping ship up there . Go on , sign him then .
HE LEFT LONDON PRETTY EARLY , SO AN HOUR OR TWO . WHY DID N'T HE FLY UP LIKE THE REST OF US ? HONEY , YOU KNOW PETER .
RIGHT . SO LET 'S GO FIND HIM . AND STANDING HERE THEORIZING IS NOT GOING TO GET US ANYWHERE .
Might be a bit flash for a man out of a job , but I 've grown to like it . Who do you bloody think you are ? Brian Clough .
`` IF YOU EVER MEET A MAN CALLED PETE MacGREGOR , FROM SCOTLAND , WHO SMELLS OF WHISKEY , DO N'T EVER PLAY BACKGAMMON WITH HIM . '' WELL , I DO N'T SMELL OF WHISKEY .
WHEN ENGLAND DEFEATED THE REBELLION IN 1745 , THEY GAVE THIS HOUSE TO YOUR FAMILY FOR SUPPORTING THE CROWN . WHAT CAN I SAY ?
`` She ai n't got no mum and she 's a Paki and ... '' Yeah , even through to upper school I got bullied . Ann and Steve ...
Oh , fuck off ! Do n't you ever say that to her again . Leave him alone , David .
All right . If you would n't mind , Brian . Just for a few minutes .
You know , I only ever got one birthday with him . And we think children do n't know what 's going on . I remember being in prison and my husband bringing Harris up and he was so angry .
She was n't functioning , she was just an alcoholic . You know , she was very sick . That 's where I spent my small years , in the pub .
We 're never gon na find another place like this again . Brian , it 's Mike Bamber on the phone . - Who 's Mike Bamber ?
He 'd imprisoned me for , like , 12 days . No drugs , no food , no toilet . The only thing I had was water .
I see nothing on , nothing on . Back to you , back to you ! Go , lad , come on !
The Arbor by Andrea Dunbar . As soon as you earn enough money you can get out . Fuck off !
If it 's true football is all about money , that 's the way it 's going ... well , that suits us chairmen just fucking fine . Because we 're the ones who 've got it . - Come on , to feet !
And , erm standing at the window shouting for help . You know , because the fire had got out of control . But I think , I think ...
By the time I went to live with Ann and Steve , I was smoking cannabis every weekend . I used to get spending money and stuff .
And me , 35 . That 's 100 years between us . What do we get ?
( Bhangra music ) ( Lorraine ) He bought me loads of clothes and when we got to Jim 's , Mum just ripped them all up , cut them up .
Seeing a mate , who I got that engine from . Do you want to meet for lunch ? OK .
Dad , where have you been ? - All of our lives are about to change . I have momentous news .
Wiggy . We all called him Wiggy . He were n't a bad lad .
It got back to her . She said , '' Why have you been saying that about me ? '' We suggested that it were more of a weaning-off period back over to her .
I thought about it but I dare n't . You ca n't just let him carry on like that . - But I ca n't hit him back .
We tried our best to keep her happy , you know . And I think we succeeded by and large . Well , it always made us smile in the office how we were supposed to be looking after her , while all the time she seemed to be taking care of us .
She wanted to stay down and live with me and we tried that and she says no , she wanted her own house because she had Lisa and Lorraine . He 's a strange sort of character is Jim . Because I never thought of him as a bad person when we were younger , at all .
How can I get out when the car door is jammed in the lamp-post ? Well , get out this side then . And hurry up , I have n't got all night .
And yet he 's treating you like his errand boy . You 're taking all the risks . We get stopped with this dodgy dosh , who takes the hit ?
I love you , Mother . And I 'm ... sorry for not being the son I should have been . For the difficult times .
The thing is , we 're not all here for a holiday . Some of us are here for the money . Babe .
Why not ? Why does n't anyone listen to me ? You 've got William .
What 's that , Joyce ? Remember there are only three good reasons to do anything in this world . Women .
Yes . Julia gave it to me . NICHOLAS :
Give or take . All I 've got is the clothes on my back and a lifer 's riddle in my head . What I probably need most is a friend .
I 'm busy too . I just wanted you to know that I 'm all right . And I 'm ...
Being what is technically known as a proper villain , I can relate with them royalty . 'Cause what they got up to , wars , was just robbing and killing and bullying .
They 'd give anything to hand that over to someone else . Why do girls still become nuns ? Exact same situation .
You just lay down and let them dump on you . You bend over and let them stick it to you - right up your ...
OK , I 've got to go . I 'm on an early lunch break , but ... Oh , I love you to bits !
Concentrate . - I 'm at the phone box , front of the flats . Right , OK .
They 'd make me boss'cause I 'm next in line . No one else has done what I 've done . Nobody .
What do you mean ? It 's a little bit of a mood killer . But Dr Johnston said visualization is the key .
Hey ! It sounds like nothings changed . I have n't come at a bad time , have I ?
Thanks very much . Well , I do n't have to be one any more , do I ? Do n't you ?
So now we can just put our guns down , right ? Jermaine , you 're pointing your gun in the wrong face . Yeah ?
I shoot through your head . When can we see our wives ? There is a fight tonight .
All I want is for him to die a horrible fucking death . Look , I tell you something , if he died it 'd be back to London for me . They 'd make me boss'cause I 'm next in line .
Look . You ca n't talk about babies at a time like this . What do you mean ?
There will be six men . I want a trailer for a camp . The toilet is already there I 'll get a nice trailer .
He was Romanian . We did it too , to London Bridge . We were as cruel as anyone .
Lord Harrington will back my judgment on this . I stake my job on it . You just did .
I do not . - You do what you 're told . Wait .
A world up high where the air is balmy and anything 's possible . That 's where we belong , Willy . You know , we should probably keep this run of good fortune to ourselves .
All this for a toilet ? - One of my men was in it . And otherwise I would come get him .
It was a different world . A world up high where the air is balmy and anything 's possible . That 's where we belong , Willy .
No , stay where you are . Let all those weapons here . Run .
Once the light . And I care for a helicopter . Stevie , what is it ?
I do n't presume to judge , Mr. Hare . But I know that as a result of my work and the doctors I train , thousands , perhaps millions of lives will be saved . Two a week , Mr. Hare .
I 've done something bad . The doctor has given him something . Why ?
what would be the good part ? You get to remain alive . We should leave town immediately .
Why ? I want to retrieve my money . You get your money .
The government is so corrupt , and you not even call it communism . The police let me alone . They leave me alone .
It 's only another mile or so . - Only another mile or so ? Let 's stop over there , William .
This is not what we had been promised . I 'll take care of her . Doloreta ...
Gentlemen , I give you ... a multiple dissection ! You do n't think I look a little bit too masculine ? - You know , too much like a man ?
Are you even a doctor ? I do not want them Kindle my girls . I 'm not stupid .
They do not even understand . No papers , no taxes , nothing . They take our work .
Well , with the economy in its current condition , I think I 'd have to advise against such a high-risk investment . Not everything is about money , William .
Dad is coming . They are going to build a cage . How did you get that gun ?
Old Nosey was there himself . He says , '' Stand up , guards . Now , Maitland , now 's your time . ''
Uh , thank you , my Lord . The Lord Provost and I are very interested to know how we 're doing on this case . Well , at present , I have Mr. Burke and Mr. Hare under lock and key .
I 'm sorry , Dad . You did not say she had Julie . - Stop it .
Suck on my dick . I put it in your mouth , then you can yourself . Great guy .
I 'll pass almost every penny on to you When I come home When I come home Yeah , I know I 'm gon na be
We went to the seaside for the day , just him and me . My mum took me to Camber Sands once . It 's the one perfect memory I have of us , and the day I took him was perfect , too .
'Grief is the stillness of the world the moment my boy left it . 'It 's that quiet rain that never stops falling . 'They say that grief transforms us .
You 're not having that . - I 've only got this much . You ca n't have it , then .
Stay where you are ! You said he 'll come back . He is coming back !
We believed there might be one suicide bomber . Our worst casualty estimate was below 50 . The chances of either of them dying was 500-1 .
I 'm paid to prevent . You did n't prevent May Day , did you ? No .
But I think it 's only fair to point out that I 'm not a good or decent person . Please do n't waste your time caring for me . It does n't matter what you say .
'Replacement bus services are available outside the station . ' I think I 've seen you on the train from St Albans . That 's where I 've got to get back to .
'Many of the victims ' relatives are there to see the balloons ' release . 'So , too , is the Prime Minister . 'Each one carries an image of one of those who died .
'How often do you look your men in the eye'and wonder if you can really trust them ? 'But if you murdered life that day , then I murdered love . 'And now I have to live without it . '
I could touch his cheek with my lips , and now ... He 's never coming back , is he ? I now know everything there is to know about you .
' 'It says there was a big fire in London 300 years ago'and the whole city burnt down . ' And it says , '' And London burned with incredible noise and fury . ''
I can see the Wellington Estate from my place . Bet it 's done wonders for the price of your house . But I bet yours is nice ... inside .
I thought you were finished . - Because every time she looks at you ... the only thing she 'll see is that day . I did n't know you were a Chelsea fan .
I packed them little breakfast trays , did a bit of laundry . I never learnt how to not go back in . You get on that path ...
Can you do it or what ? What 's in it for me , like ? Listen , I like the way you been going on recently , blood .
Today I want you to go in there , get your stuff , and go home . Sorry , ladies , that will not happen again . Can I speak to Becky , please ?
Know why I 'm studying law , blood ? So mans like you do n't get out after six years ! - Tell Jay I want to see him .
Hey ! - Shut up , you waste man ! You 're all butters anyway !
Sam ... Um , you said you had your mum 's phone . Take him .
I was kind of being picked on out on the playground and Sean came over and pushed him down and kicked him right in his fat face . Kicked him right in his fat fucking face . He 's been my best friend ever since .
Just get in the car , Walter . Just get in the car , please . You know I do n't have a cell phone .
That 's his van . Now let me do the talking , all right ? Whatever , man .
White Trash Edition . '' What do you all want to say to the world ? Yo , I want to say , suck on this !
♪ Well , I do n't know how else to say ♪ ♪ In a different way ♪ But why do n't you
Whose track , I do n't really know . By this time , my mother thought I should be married , and according to my life schedule , it 's four months away . I 'll be marrying her , Natalie .
Sean and I have been homeys since we was real little . This one time in kindergarten I was out on the playground and I was kind of being picked on by this dillweed .
You 're just a piece of ass to them . That 's all you 'll ever be . Do n't you fucking walk away from me !
It was good . I want to talk to you about some ideas I got . Maybe a couple deals I think I could line up on my own .
Just like you 're stuck ( WHEEZING ) in a career you do n't even want . ( LAUGHING )
♪ ♪ Well , she wanted all ♪ Then I 'm never gon na leave her alone ♪
Serious ? - Yeah , I swear to God . It 's like magic .
You wan na get paid , right ? Yo , E , man , hurry up . ( Yelling )
MAN ON RADIO : - I 'll tell you who it wo n't be , Deeds Incorporated . According to the rumor mill , the software giant ...
♪ Well , I 'm waiting on a day when the people walk free ♪ ♪ To see and the penitentiary is on fire ♪ ♪ There 's only to be your mother ♪
I need to talk to you about making some kind of payment arrangements , and I will call you at 10 : 00 a.m. sharp tomorrow . I 'll be working , so , uh , that 's the only time I can call ... ( CLEARING THROAT ) - Bye .
Now listen . I need you to help Mommy and be a big girl . - You can lay down ...
That 's good . Shit , what happened to your eye ? I do n't know , man .
Yo , it 's James . Parents , do n't let this happen to your kids . Hey , hey , Nikki .
Well , 's a good thing they wanted it , too . And pretty soon your little ones will be playing with my little ones . I 'm beside myself at the thought of having grandchildren !
♪ And the cops got guns and poor folks got sons ♪ ♪ That work for Mr. Franklin every week ♪ ( Police sirens wailing )
She 's been through a lot with you , man , she 's tired . Get a tie out of the glove box . We 're seeing her for lunch .
♪ ♪ Is this the first day of the rest of my life or ♪ ♪ What 's the sort of deal , what 's to fight for ♪
Travel the world . Catch up with Rich , Josh . Okay .
I 've been stuck at home for two months . And they 're still fighting to keep me out . They do n't want me .
I do n't want my mommy to get into trouble . She wo n't get in any trouble . We sleep in the car .
I percepted as such . So what else do you have in common ? I 'll never tell .
But I was n't his , you know ? And maybe I could 've helped , I do n't know . But I 'm gon na have to live with that for the rest of my life .
Yeah , okay . I 'll call him first thing in the morning . This is a message for Ms. James .
Well , if I have to sit here with you , you better be glad it 's not a mountain of cocaine . You enjoy this , do n't you ? Oh .
♪ Look who decided to visit . You know , it 's like you 're never here anymore .
Our parents , our friends , everybody ... `` Oh , you guys are such a cute couple . '' We bought it lock , stock and barrel .
You 're out of bullets . I just wanted to be somebody . We have to go now , Lola .
My name is Mira Filipova . When I was 15 years old , Arkady Federov murdered my family , and held me captive for two years .
I know about the old white dude that owns this place . He 's evil to all you employees . Look , I get it .
Your odds are running out . Who was the American agent ? Was it Weinstein ?
I wan na hear your thoughts first . Then I 'm gon na show it to your dad . You like Pink Floyd , huh ?
He 's great . The Metamorphosis is a masterpiece . - Sounds good .
It just ... I just wish I did n't feel like I was running . Hey .
It 's just a ... - It 's just a bloody nose . - I 'm sorry .
I reread A Hunger Artist on your suggestion and stole a couple things . - See if you can spot them . - Good story to steal from .
Let 's start at the top . - Look , what do you think it is we do here at the agency ? - We collect information .
How 'd you get that ? Oh , one of them saddles hit me on the way down . I 'm such a klutz .
It was important to your mother that I achieve some sort of commercial success . And when I did n't meet her expectations in that area ... You 're going to witness a Greenberg family tradition .
But we got ta wait till later , though , when the sun 's going down . Hey , do you like root beer ? I saw you the other day near the hog pens .
Only you . She wo n't give you the name until you bring her out , right ? She always was a ballbuster .
I called him last night . I also told Matt and Dale . And Dale ?
Pink Floyd did . Do you think we 'll find him ? I hope so .
I 'll be to check on you in a sec . Lola , what are you gon na do with that gun ? Go to sleep .
We have confirmation . There 's definitely a credible threat . We 've got 20 minutes .
Yes , you were . Frank , I was not ready . This is Mother Hubbard .
There we go . I want to talk to Haley . Please .
Yes . There is a call for you in the office . They say your cell phone is not working .
First I 'm going to ask you some simple control questions . Do you have 10 toes ? Yes .
You know what ? I do n't give a fuck about the people I 've killed . If by some stroke of pure luck you manage to kill me , then I wo n't give a fuck about that either .
This place is run like a clock . I ca n't believe you 're in the vent ! What ?
You 're losing control . Do n't you wan na know why I was in Moscow ? What my orders were ?
You can get a righty desk later . - Why do I want a desk at home ? I do n't want a chalkboard or a bell going off every 45 minutes either .
You want your story and your Pulitzer Prize ? You have n't seen what they 're like when they come to us . Many are just girls .
What are you talking about ? Can you recall for me the first time you encountered the signal ? The what ?
I read The Metamorphosis . You were right , it 's great . Yeah .
Come on , let 's check it out . The network is currently unavailable . Haley , did you find anything ?
Turns out the keys to Federov are worth more to Langley than any qualms Weinstein had with my methods . I 'm running the show here now , Peter .
Dark nights , nights ... We could have a picnic . A picnic .
Yes , Mr. Mason , why did n't you shoot ? There was no threat , sir . The man who just assassinated your entire team is pointing a gun at you , and you say there was no threat .
Jesus , $ 15 for parking . What do you think I should do about Sophie ? You 'll make the right decision .
You , Nic . I see you and I think I 'm beginning to understand something more about you . Understand what ?
Did you sleep there ? - Yeah , our bed is hurting my back . Is n't the couch worse than the bed ?
You do n't need to be in on this one . If our girl 's actually got something on Federov , a lot of people are interested . Subject 's nearing extraction location .
Thanks . So , let 's talk about Arkady Federov . In the work I do , it 's a name I hear a lot .
Hey , buddy . We 're gon na get somewhere where we can be seen by as many people as possible , okay ? It 's the only way to be .
A taxidermist has fixed me up so that no one will notice a thing . You just follow the instructions on the tape . Take a dead man to the French Riviera ?
The green cube goes with the blue shaped cube . The yellow written sphere goes with the green-shaped sphere . The blue written pyramid goes with the yellow-shaped pyramid .
I do not like others say more . From now on , I do I even want to . As soon as I know what it is .
I was desperate . It just came out of my mouth like spontaneously and now I think ... Nicky , uh , has a contract on your life .
What ? Dude , I 'm not in the vent . I 'm not in the vent !
I 'm moving to Jacksonville with Beth . We 'll be staying with my mother . So what ?
A big mama sat in that chair . You definitely were n't pursuing a hacker . Hey .
Then this is an occasion . I do n't remember stars like this in East Grinstead . Oh !
Hold Now shut up , otherwise I dry the grin off your face . Are you afraid that Linda hear me ? Get lost , you piece of shit , otherwise I 'm sticking out eyes on you !
Thanks , bud . We 're not really that far from this guy , are we ? 180 miles , give or take .
Do you know how many students had killed to make room on my team ? You are the only first-year student . You can do this here .
He wanted one last holiday . He said he never really had a chance to live . What do you mean he never lived ?
Technology II , Technical Mathematics II . - You skip the first semester . - That 's my boy , that .
Nic . Nic , what happened to your legs ? Haley , I already explained to you .
Very good , very good . - This your first time to Monte Carlo ? - Yes .
It is so easy to find . Always such a nice bit of color against the dark nights . Dark nights , dark nights .
My God ! Do not say I miss this ... Cut it out .
Yes , well , Someone else from the dog home can come follow you now . Maybe , uh , Mr. Butterworth or Mr. Chen . I do n't want Mr. Chen .
I 'm gon na go use the phone , okay ? I 'm gon na get us help . Stay here .
Excuse me ? Their horns are watching over us . I 'm sorry .
But we have it 's funny . Does it look like I 'm having fun ? Do not make me ask again .
And please remember to scrub the pots and pans . You keep leaving them for me . Yeah , well , they have to soak overnight .
We go to the same art class . - Is not it a bit inconvenient ? - We have all hobbies , but ...
Pauvre chéri , a sister who blames you for crime you do n't commit . And a little heart-shaped box . How much you say is in it ?
It hit the left patella . She 'll need surgery and rehab . It 'll take at least a year .
Or have sex , for that matter . But it 's ok to wash mother when she has done in his pants ? - What are you talking about ?
Just remember the trick with the door handle . My brother is studying at Columbia . It works .
Then Luigi will join you . Sorry , but I 'm supposed to leave one seat free . It 's some sort of surprise .
Classy quote from the gymnastics coach . You see what they put for the headline ? [ Porter ] The Pulitzer is waiting .
Apparently , casino managers do quite well in Atlantic City , New Jersey . In U.S. dollars , Mr. Witherspoon , your uncle has left you ... Yes ?
I have not heard from you . Professor Van Auken says you do not come to class . It 's not like you .
Thank you . I 've got some things to show you , too . It 's beautiful .
The library closes . Shall we have a cup of coffee ? - Cheers .
♪ ♪ Am I your enemy ? ♪
Luigi was staying at my place . He wanted a hide-away for the night . Money 's on the bar .
What 's your emergency ? Yeah , I need an ambulance . I think my husband has overdosed on some sleeping pills .
`` ... is not a nice person , particularly , and he does n't care if you know it . In his pursuit of great movies , woman upon woman , and cigarettes , in that order , niceness is irrelevant . '' [ whistles ]
I do not know what that means . You do not have to shave , and I hope you are intelligent enough not to expect it of me . - I have not thought about it .
- He 'll be sitting in a wheelchair . Have you seen him ?
Damn it . Joe is the one who tied Patrick 's pet turtle to a kite . Wanted to send him up into space .
No . Tell me how it 's different than with your wife . No .
What do you want ? I want you to start moving towards that door pushing my Tony . - Your Tony ?
The one next door that they demolished was identical to my building . You see , both buildings are exactly the same . Does the demolition crew inspect the elevator before they send it to the basement ?
Please ! We just have to find the maid . That 's all .
Oh , my God ! You put a gun in the luggage ? What are you gon na do ?
Hold that thought . Would you excuse us , please ? This is a personal matter .
I , uh ... I can take you to Joe . ♪
So , I was visiting Frank twice a week , uh , at the home . Frank and I 've become close over the years . Um , so , I started billing the firm for those visits by sending invoices on Irv 's legal stationery .
I do n't know . Sometimes he likes to stop for coffee at the firehouse . What 's wrong ?
Yes , we are . ( sighs ) I 've never done anything like this , Joe . It 's starting to freak me out .
( scattered laughter ) I do n't trust that old guy . He has a shadow behind his eyes .
Everything 's going to be all right . - [ Tommy ] How did I get here ? - Oh , sweetie , you 're okay .
You wear purple with everything . I do n't know how much more courage you need . I am going to go support the arts .
Look ... do n't worry . He could never be mad at you . You guys are like brothers .
Come on . You know you 're perfect for this . So , all this , between us ?
SHELBY : You should marry a woman who can give you a family . JACKSON :
Just , okay , before I make a big decision , I always , you know , say to myself , `` I 'll do it unless God gives me a definitive omen in the next 30 seconds . ''
all the food goes either in the fire or in the ground.- ( groans ) God , man , you 're so doom and gloom all the time . Just enjoy this .
[ girl shouts ] - [ Porter ] TV do it yesterday ? - [ man on phone ] It happened too late . - Daddy-bird !
You should never say things like that to a woman who 's marinating 50 pounds of crab claws . I do n't know if I mind a fight . Making up can be extremely romantic if memory serves .
Sustained . Young lady , you have to tell the truth . You 're lying because you 're afraid .
Something about his innate sense of menace seemed to charm her . Now it 's just the two of us . I ...
I rest my case . Did you take anything out ? PATRICK :
Hi ! It 's 3 : 00 in the morning . Hi !
¡ ° ' And I will eat them here and there . ¡ ° ' I will eat them anywhere . '' `` I do so like green eggs and ham .
I figured it was pretty neutral . We can eat it family-style . - Neutral ?
Uh , yeah , I almost fainted . I never expected a baby shower . I wish I could 've seen it .
How was that party ? ¡ ° ' Before you read your message ... ¡ ° ' press the red button for record . ''
Wobble , baby , wobble , baby wobble , baby , wobble , yeah . Wobble , baby , wobble , baby wobble , baby , wobble , yeah . Wobble , baby , wobble , baby wobble , baby , wobble , yeah .
This way to the bison , my friend . When you get up here , you can see a field of bison majestically grazing . Ooh , get your weapon ready .
FRANK ( voice-over ) : He took the Monopoly , too . Obviously to spite me .
Look at my pins . - It looks very good on you . - Thank you .
Oh , do n't apologize for getting him off the couch . I 've been trying for weeks . Poor man is trying to set a record .
Not gon na be one of those mothers . Check your email every day . ( LAUGHS )
Remember ? Only reason they got caught is ' cause they went through a drive-through . Sunfish .
Not runny . And then I would like to have French pancakes ... with the fruit topping on the side . We do n't have French pancakes .
Shelby , hold on , baby . I got some peppermint right here . AII right , here .
I 'm Just getting Lucy asleep ... And you 're making noise and everything . - Oh , sorry .
See , every person has a particular coloring , summer , spring , so on . You determine what season you are , and then you know what colors look best on you . It 's most helpful when you go shopping .
Before that , when I said that I 'd be better off when my body wears out . I feel so ashamed I said that in front of Shelby . You know I did n't mean that .
Actually ... Biaggio , I will give you Baltic , Park Place and both my greens
`` Say , I will eat them anywhere. `` I do so like green eggs and ham . ¡ ° ' Thank you , thank you , Sam I am . ''
No . Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . - The men are talking , Joseph .
As far as I know , has always been its writers , Writers who are passionate and who care About the things that they feel compelled to write about .
Know damn well who they are . And that 's why they 're drinking . To forget .
That 's so great , too , you know . Because you wanted to come to a new place ... so we came to a different place . Hey , guys .
Yes . My lungs fill up with fluid every time the seasons change . That 's not being gay , Biaggio .
Hi , Lucy . Thank you for calling me . That was good .
He seems to really care about you . Chuck loves me , that 's for sure . One hundred percent .
We 're gon na win . - One of the best ads I 've seen . With Rothman and Glenn And Harrison and Williams ... we 're gon na win .
So if Owen 's busy , I guess I 'll just catch him later Because I wanted to give him this tape . Oh , sure , come have a seat , right here .
No , I could n't . I do n't know what 's wrong with me . I 've been trying for a week , it 's really fucked up .
Thank you . But you still need to leave your husband . My marriage is n't so bad .
Back then , if I wanted to see a really hot girl , my best bet was to watch a movie . - That 's the one you like ? - Oh , it 's so great .
I 'm telling you that she 's my baby girl . I want you out of here , man . I need to talk to Sherry .
Huh ? That I almost did n't go over there , I mean . Do n't fuckin ' do that .
I want to hear the rest of the story . - So you have n't watched porn in a week . - Yeah .
Yeah . 14-year-old girl just ran out of that house and into my clothes . * And if you did , was she crying ?
The second floor -- one more floor . I have to go to Room 324 on the third floor . Rebecca !
Well , keep trying . Mr. Dawson , quite bluntly , you ca n't afford to hire me . Yeah , because I make $ 800 an hour at Starbucks .
And Hardee 's . # Love burns you up the most # - # Like it or not
And this is Lucy two years old . This is Lucy seven years old on her birthday ... the day they took her away . Your son 's on line two .
Did you try to call her ? - She does n't want me to call her . - Look what you did .
I used to know people that lived here a long time ago . We 've been here three years . When my husband passed away ,
Yeah . Listen , you wan na know the truth ? This is the truth .
Yeah . You know , they need to make a connection with you , and that way , you know ... I know it 's a little political , but if you did that for me , it would make me very , very , very happy .
♪ Was the end of that ♪ Was the end of that ♪ Was the end of that
Wait , you know what ? Yeah , actually , I think I will . Okay .
Hey ! I 've got some food for Kate . That is me .
[ Scattered applause ] * I liked the way you smile at me . * * I felt the heat that enveloped me . *
Oh . We have n't done it yet . - Shit , really ?
Yeah . Well , then take the shoes off . No , no .
Is there another line I can use ? There 's a phone in my daughter 's room . Culpepper investigation , Dante speaking .
No , I hope you do . I 'm there from noon to 2 : 00 , so whenever you guys want . Ice cream brunch .
Have faith , my son . Through the ministry of the Church , may God give you pardon and peace , and I absolve you from your sins in the name of the Father , the Son and the Holy Spirit . - So , uh ... me and Barbara split up .
But , what about my wife ? She 'll be in the car waiting for you . Carrie ?
No . - The police know about these two . They know who they are .
But trust me , in the future you 'll be much happier if you always tell me the truth . Wait , wait , wait , I 'll be happier ? You do n't think I could make you happy if I wanted to ?
$ 100 . Yeah , you do n't want to go $ 1,000 to start . You want to go more ?
You check the money . When you 're satisfied , you let the girl go . Your man takes off with the cash .
I like both . I like a short beard . I like ...
You ca n't go to sleep . Jake , you ca n't go to sleep . They 're coming .
But I rather not . How about let 's say we trade ? - Okay .
We 're so connected . I feel like you 're reading my mind . Really ?
I do n't know , man . Right now , I use it for protection . I figure , being a detective , you need a piece .
Breathe . The more you breathe , the less it hurts . Come on , Palmer .
This guy 's name is Chris Cook . And so I go , '' Hey , man , you 're Chris Cook . '' That 's not a Korean name , though .
Only it was n't an accident , it was a setup . The guard who got out of the truck , well , they just grabbed him put a sawed-off shotgun to the back of his head . Then what happened ?
There 's a first aid kit in the bathroom . Hey , I do n't see any numbers . Try next door .
You burn the truck , you burn the money , you idiot . I 'm gon na tell your sister you called me that . Unit 8 to Dispatch .
That 's great . Well , what do you think of the beer , man ? Um , well ...
He ought be looking at 3 life sentences . Personally , 20 or 30 years tagged on as a bonus . And what about the other choice ?
I told them about leila . About how I wanted to save her from Reuben . So , we came up here and we watched them for a while .
All right , keep it moving . Come on , come on , come on . Keep it moving .
Dealers , addicts , different kinds of drugs . They told me they work with the DEA . They were cops ?
Think you can help me anyway ? I already told everything I know to the police . Eduardo , the guy who owns the shop across the street , says there were about 20 garbage bags over here .
Oh , my God , I 'm not good with ... Kate , get me some peroxide , please . I 'm sorry you 're not good with it .
Is everything okay ? I thought I heard a siren . Siren ?
Next time I 'll break your head . You burn the truck , you burn the money , you idiot . I 'm gon na tell your sister you called me that .
Tj . Scudder , I got in the van . They do n't know I 'm here .
She 's from Child Welfare . Sir , are you Mr. Tyler Hackett ? - Child Welfare , Ty .
`` Are we okay ? '' She said two men and the woman run across the street away from the store and leaped into a van . She thought they had just robbed the store .
Let 's roll out . It 's time to check in . Eagle 12 , Control .
Thought it was funny . Want to buy me drinks . So , we went to this bar in the middle of the day .
No , man . I 'm not stealing them from the store . Okay , tell me something .
MELANIE : The rehearsal dinner 's tonight at your Uncle Wayne 's old estate . - Oh , God , I got to get up there .
But you were just trying to protect the guys in your unit . Those guys were your brothers . Anybody would 've done the same thing .
Okay . You do n't know a thing . You do n't want -- You do n't wan na do this .
You 're absolutely right about that . But I did n't want us to all go down for his mistake . We got ta clean this up .
I do n't want this to be a one-night thing . So you 've got to woo me . Why woo when we can just do ?
CONNOR : Nice to meet you , Denise . Ladies .
Cortez has a way of proving them wrong . I need you to be alert . And you need to remind your men that there 's a hostage in that vehicle .
Remember , no matter how much it hurts , it 's all for your own good . And the stuff that 's not for your own good , it 's for my entertainment . Look , Uncle Wayne , you ...
It 's all connected . I 've got to reach Bailey and Torrance . Shit .
Pauli , come on ... - Connor , I want you to leave . CONNOR :
You know , if we were actually out , uh , chasing tail tonight led turn your gaffe into a funny . Girls , they love to laugh . Especially at men .
I was scared shitless . I mean , I could barely keep my hands from shaking . That 's quite normal .
His body was moved inside after the fact . How quickly can Cortez make the border ? At the speed he 's going , 65-75 minutes .
Well , do n't worry , your secret 's safe with me . I wo n't tell anyone you have feelings . ALL :
That 's right . - You got a museum here ? And the tax returns to prove it .
So , what happened ? Jenny kissed Pete Hastings tonight . Her first kiss .
Who 's '' ooh-in '' who , Franklin Middle School ? I 'm going to slow it down right now so guys , grab that special girl and head on out to the dance floor . [ EASY LISTENING MUSIC PLAYS ON SPEAKERS ]
Casual sex . So , what 's your stance on casual sex , bridesmaid ? On top .
A few rounds . Well bring everything you got . What do you think , we are fighting in the crusade ?
Shoot anything that moves . If it does n't move , shoot it anyway . Once our work is done here , we 're gon na burn this place to the ground !
Death is waiting in the kitchen when you get up at night for a glass of milk . My niece , my sister 's oldest , she was a good girl . I practically raised her .
I promise you this : When you wake up in the morning I 'll be there . Every time .
So I 'm going to jump off , but feel free to keep talking , okay ? Kiki , Nadja , Chalice , I had an amazing time with each one of you . I wish you all the best .
I do n't know . The FBI says there 's an escaped fugitive that might be heading our way . Shit , when it rains , it pours .
Really ? What else do you think of me ? Oh .
All right , lets put your truck on the far side and then try to find some more cars to use . I 've got a better idea . - We might need somthing ' bigger .
Do you want to hear my offer ? You clear out now , and I wo n't fill your ass full of buckshot . Old man , you better put that piece away , before you blow your toes off .
# Once I saw him # # in the moonlight # # when the bats were flying # # I saw the werewolf # # and the werewolf was cryin ' # # Cryin ' nobody # # nobody # # nobody knows # # nobody knows # # how I loved the man # # as I teared off his clothes #
John ? - You 'd better take a look at this . - What is it ?
to use force if necessary . It has been eight days since Perez first witnessed the appearance of the Virgin Mary on his windshield . Apparently , Perez has the AIDS virus and believes this is a miracle .
And sweaty . Well , it's-it 's hot in here . And they 're soft .
The Corvette ZR1 . This one is a specially modified show car . It 's a monster on wheels .
Tell blood bank we need three units now . Sir , you ca n't be in here . Wait , wait , what 's going on ?
Residents , stay inside , pack sandbags against door frames . A report here that Cape Ann fishing industry is in tatters . Lobstermen from Gloucester to Scituate have lost their traps .
Bye . I have two tickets to Paris . # Is n't she surprising # #
I 'm sick of that . It 's safe and it pays . Not enough .
Not much again till the end . My name ever come up ? No .
I 'm sorry . Your mom ca n't sit around by herself all the time . She is n't sitting around .
I got you two tickets to anyplace in the world . I do n't know what to say . Say , '' I accept . ''
Three , a fresh cold front swooping down from Canada . But it 's caught a ride on the jet stream and is motoring hell-bent towards the Atlantic . Cool .
It 's a special edition . Why do n't you open your eyes so you can see it ? You are gon na be all right .
This is my son . He 's dying , do n't you understand ? This is my son , and he 's dying .
Blue skies , scattered showers , same old , same old ? - Your guess is as good as mine . - Or better .
Everybody here ? Captain , the boys would like to have a word with you . Take over .
I 'm just passing through . I do n't have a lot of time to waste . I had no choice .
We did it ! - Get those windows boarded up ! - All right , skip .
We 've located the Mistral . Position : 39.49 north 69.52 west . How far 's that last position ?
I really like talking to you too . You know what time it is ? I do n't have a watch-
Not me ! - Can we start with '' good-morning '' ? - My God , I 'm so sorry .
So many times ! I do n't want to give people hope when there is n't any . Why not ?
`` Billy Tyne is no fine wine He 's lost his touch with our long line Steamed here and there and all about
And second , you did n't have to lie . If you wanted to seduce me , all you had to do was ask . That 's not seducing , that is asking .
She laughed just like that . Words and poetry is what she loved . She was a '' unique '' .
You know that smile . And I say , '' Hey , Bobby , where you been ? '' But he wo n't tell me .
go down , one feather . '' `` No thing that ever flew ... '' `` ... not the lark , not you ... ''
Clock 's ticking . - Come on , we better get them off now . Get closer , Darryl .
Are we or are n't we ? Did we come out here for nothing ? - It 's a lot of money .
She called an hour ago ; said she had a cold . It sounded more like the hiccups to me .
I feel really good . I feel better than I have felt in a long time , and you brought me here . I mean , okay , whatever , it was the wrong convention , sure , but ...
You said a year ! - I want to have a year ! - This is inappropriate .
Those bastards . Buddy , I was never going to get Chicago . I 'm too valuable to them in the field .
What do you want ? I just want you to let me leave my samples where he 'll see them . 'Cause otherwise , you 're gon na throw them away after I leave .
I 'm so sorry . I want to help you ... find a surgeon . I 'm a researcher .
It 's funny . Most of us are young for what ? About a minute and a half ?
That 's 33 % fewer phone calls at 4 : 00 a. m ... I 'd write a lot more of your scrip if I were a regularly paid consultant . Well , you know , we can talk to them about that .
Just yesterday . - I would n't call that a trip . I 've never been to Ohio .
It breaks my heart When it breaks my heart When it breaks my heart
In day , you bobbed for the apple ... may there 's a nickel in it but ... you eat the apple ! Your little animals , grab the coin and run for the door .
she was actually ... pretty straight . I think she only tried drugs once . There was a lifeguard who gave her a hash brownie .
And I 'm Thai-curious . Engine turning over wo n't you start ? This one 's come to tear me all apart
Will people have to see me naked ? I ca n't even pee in front of other people . You have a beautiful body .
You 're a god , sir ! You 're really not coming to this ? You could do something for me .
We like Jamie . We like Jamie very much . Oh .
Why did you take that picture ? Is that the girl with the tits ? How 'd you get my number ?
Visitor . He 's going to a fancy party tonight . He 's up on twenty-four .
I would love to go , but I 'm a disaster . I think with a little plaster and a little paint , you 're as good as new . Do you wan na see the dress ?
No ! Prozac has helped millions of people overcome intractable mood disorders , making miserable lives livable . It 's even helped me with some of my own anger issues .
My God , you are so selfish . You 're just like my mother . Did you sleep with your mother ?
But you 're making it worse by talking to the press . Do n't talk to the press . Do you understand ?
Are you coming ? I need a couple hours . I 'll see you at the office .
You ? You want Near North , man . Pussy !
It 's just too much . I got this retired high school principal offering to come over to where I 'm babysitting . He 's got so many chats , he ca n't keep his names straight .
You know , it 's so prehistoric . All men care about is performance , but they have an appendage that does n't work if they 're worried about performance . Mmm .
Say , uh , Toby . Go , uh , see if you can get some , uh , Alpo ... - and get some Ex ...
Domestic ? We 've got him using mirrors in Russia , Malaysia ... It 's too public a forum .
You do n't talk to your ma ? - She neglected to mention it . Listen , I need somethin ' .
Another heard a car door slam a minute later Figured it was the paper being delivered . Excuse me a second .
Hey , watch it ! We have a silver Porsche , estimated speed 80 miles per hour ... heading west on Wilshire Boulevard . Yeah .
Sphinx , is that you ? Press a button if it 's you . Sway , you set up this brake job ?
That 's a possibility , but what would you prefer ? Talk to National Security Agency . Their computer capability 's beyond ours .
We got it covered . - Get my brother out of here . Hey .
Watch what happens when I accept his offer . Now , he 's stealing my financial data and all my passwords . Which I happened to have gathered in a file called '' passwords . ''
Let 's done start Got ta ti// the ground O/ d Miss Lucy 's dead and gone Left me here to weep and moan
Maybe . Still , it goes back to his goals . Why kill these particular people ?
One-Baker-eleven . In pursuit of ' 67 Ford Mustang , grey . - That sign said '' Do Not Enter . ''
Listen to this . Yeah , he offers free downloads of pirated music . I 'm running this in a fake virtual machine .
Yeah . Kind of a young crowd . Kind of a young crowd , Griffin .
Looks like Griffin was baited with a phone call . But we ca n't trace it because it was made with a spoof card . Yeah , it 's a phone card .
From here on out , if you walk across the street outside of a cross walk ... if you roll through a stop sign , if you use an aerosol can in a manner other than directed ... I mean , I do n't care . You make one slip , and I will put you away for good .
Miller appears to be a decent guy . He 's a Vietnam vet coaches his daughter 's soccer , they go to church every Sunday . So why 'd the subject pick him ?
It 's probably mostly the car . Hey , what time is it ? 7 : 30 .
Marsh , hold it . You share what you 've got , and then you take it from there . Appreciate your coming in , detective .
It 's a camera . Looks like he 's just doing some homework . All right , let 's leave him be .
It 's been doing that all night . The site 's IP changes constantly . Each new address is an exploited server that 's running a mirror of the site .
I do n't know . To be honest , the saddest part about it is that ... I kind of got into a fight with my best friends , and ...
Watch , watch . - Is it true Wes is single ? Sure is , yeah .
Are you okay ? Yeah , just get the food . - Hey there , Jess and Casey .
It 's because you 're using me to make yourselves look better . Okay , just because you think one of us is better-looking than you ... Oh , my God .
When I told them that you were here , their eyes filled with this , like , sparkle , you know , with , like , childlike wonder , and then they just started dancing together . - It was kind of beautiful . - Yeah , it was .
Is n't that a nice car ? - And right here you got a ' 53 Fiat Vignale . Now , these are beautiful cars , Otto .
Otherwise he 's gon na kill our whole family . Please , just be brave and choose me . Please , no .
Okay , okay , look , I ca n't lose my scholarship . It 's the only way I can get into college . I wish you would 've thought of that before .
I could n't get through three words of that . All right , walk over and say , '' Hey there . '' - '' Hey there '' ?
No , please ! Now let me see those big , beautiful lips . No , please !
Wesley , I 'm what 's known as pre-famous . My life is an audition for reality TV . So , yeah , I need to chronicle everything .
He 'll live . I 'm not sure how much he 's gon na want to . Snipped off all his fingers and made sure they could n't be sewn back on .
Yes , yes , we do not negotiate with terrorists . That is the opposite of what I just said . Attention , students .
And get this . His foster dad was Simon Campbell , the musician . It says here that there are allegations of sexual abuse .
That 's messed up . But it 's the word and it stuck . It 's a catchall .
Listen , she 's the one that ended things with us , Jess . - I love your eyes , they 're so ... - Just make that go away .
We just tracked the same thing a few hours ago , the same book , in fact . Yeah , but the real clue is more where they came from , not what 's in them . Fi , this is dangerous .
Do you have a special tool for these ? It took a few hours . If it has to do with my hands , I usually pick it up really quickly .
And I said , '' Yeah . '' And he said , '' Can I copy it ? '' And I said , '' Yeah . ''
We are just getting started . Step two : time to show the world who you are . The truth is , I do n't know who you are from your clothes , okay ?
It took a few hours . If it has to do with my hands , I usually pick it up really quickly . That 's actually how I got into guitar .
You already knew that . Nice to meet you , sir . You too .
But you know I ca n't stay here forever . Classes and a life , you know . Yes , I know .
Say what ? Four score and a couple of years ago , Ma and Pa fought for some serious shit , ya heard ?
Hello ! Are you coming out with us tonight ? God !
Kill this motherfucker ! # O say , can you see # # By the dawrs fuckir early light #
Look , I understand why you 're angry . You have every right to be . But why am I here ?
No , no . Just promise me you 'll never become one of these bottom-feeders . No comment .
Man , maybe I should call you SexTRO and shit ? I do n't know what that means . - Right ?
Then it would make sense . Have you spoken to your father about this ? God , I ca n't talk to him about this stuff .
Yeah , Orientation Guy is my given name : But , um , it 's not my real name : My friends call me Derek :
But other than that , not really : [ Clears Throat ] What about soliloquies ? - Well , we do n't really have --
He said he was a good listener : Would you like an appetizer ? [ Mouth Full , Indistinct ] Here :
You gon na take Dubba E down . 'Cause you 're the better man . You always have been .
Well , that 's a risk I 'm willing to take , Tina : [ Groans ] She ca n't do this , can she ? Actually , Miss Hammersmith , I think it 's a splendid idea :
It states that , um , each university : shall be represented by one -- and only one -- O-N-E -- cheer squad :
Call the steps , or you 're off the team : Then I 'm off the team : Wh-What ?
Oh : Is that what a real leader would do ? A real leader would n't be practicing at midnight , Whit :
Wait : That 's the day after tomorrow : - If you 'll excuse me , ladies , I have a lunch date :
But it does n't say which team : That team could be us : [ Huffs ]
. I 'm feelin ' a little nervous A little , little nervous . .. [ Beatbox ]
My husband has become a comedian . And my nymphomaniac daughter has discovered cookery . What 's going on ?
No matter how crazy it seems . This test is the question ! And the answer is us .
It was what happened afterwards . Because I was getting praise from everybody , from the counsel ... and my peers . Normally that would be ...
Forgotten something , darling ? Have you seen Mr Brown lately ? - No , he 's in Australia .
Okay . You let me worry about the hole . - Right .
There 's no bass to it at all , I do n't know what happened to that . It 's all ... ( makes static noise ) . And all the songs are really long , and all the lyrics are shit , ..... and for every millisecond Liam is not saying a word ..... there 's a fuckin ' guitar riff in there , in a Wayne 's World stylee .
And some old friends , Morgan . Great result for the rugby at the weekend . Now , down to the more serious business of the day , our opening address .
You seem to think it is . Is it ... worth dying for ? - Put the gun down , Black .
They were the middle-class band , ..... and you guys were the working-class heroes . I would n't say Blur did n't come out of it well , ..... but that 's what they are . And that 's what we are .
Why hang around just to see him humiliate himself in front of the whole village ? As if I do n't get enough of that every Sunday . He 's a handsome fellow , is n't he ?
Longevity is what they do . Antisense drugs , gene therapy , microsurgical applications . They announced a hiring freeze last year !
It 's a measure of how conservative the music business ..... and the music press then . You absolutely could n't say that without getting slapped . You could not criticise New Labour , ..... you could not criticise Blair .
For the convention or ... - The bible is full of sex . Have n't you noticed ?
* Oh , no , I know a dirty ... * Nirvana were incredibly forceful and incredibly powerful . And one of the greatest rock groups of all time .
What CEO ca n't decide whether he wants one assistant or eight ? There 's only one job going in his office , you know that ? And the rest is fantasy .
Do you need me ? - No , it 's the flower arranging committee . I swear , it 'll be the death of her .
Has he ? I visit 2000 years ago , I met this nice Jewish girl , and they 're still talking about it . Ha , ha , ha ...
We were just '' C'mon , let 's get building , go out there and do it . '' The things we made did n't function unless they were in a space ..... with people looking at them. `` Now underpants are art . ''
Really ? Tell us what the question is then . All right , get the pill and I 'll tell you .
I do n't know any girls . I got it , I 'll just take it off . - No , keep it on .
He said ... There 's one question before you , and one answer is required . That does n't mean it 's the same question for each of us .
It is enough . I understand you 're upset , dear . - I am !
Or the best . We help each other until the playing field is open then it 's every man for themselves- no offence , girls . - Are we all agreed ?
* Reach for the stars There was lots of weird things going on . There was , like , this bloke ...
Just not in the way you wanted . You acted , and the room reacted . We 've entered a dialogue now , we should keep going .
Light is a spectrum . There 's light we can see , but there 's light we ca n't see . Like ultraviolet , infra-red , X-rays .
It 's all in a good cause . - That does n't make it less embarrassing . I think it could be fun .
.. for the most , for the ..... the majority of me life . And , then , the actual reality of that ..... l ... thought were rubbish . It 's Saturday night ..... and we 're about to discover who 's got Stars In Their Eyes !
I have n't seen this before . But it ca n't be good . - Do something , Black !
So ... This Vicar is stopped for speeding , and the policeman smells alcohol ... and sees an empty bottle of wine on the passenger 's side floor . And he says : '' Have you been drinking , Reverend ? `` .
Good use of colour . And everyone just felt this optimism from that point . Everyone thought '' Anything 's possible '' , cos it worked .
`` What is this , some kind of a joke ? `` ( Laughing ) `` Walter 's a changed man , too . I 'd even go so far to say , that our life here together is complete . ''
It 's probable . Where else would it be ? We 'd need something to reveal it .
Right , practise session . - We can talk about it later , ca n't we ? Well , actually ...
Please , I 'll start over ! Just give me a chance ! Hey ...
And within a couple of years , and Thatcher , ..... there were just , was just this kind of urbanisation . You know , it was literally ... Fields I was playing in one year were housing estates the next .
`` A tendency to see through all the bullshit surrounding you , and rise above it . '' - I 'll tick that box myself . - Let me tick it for you .
A little of God 's grace , and all our problems seem to fade away . Now , should we demand an explanation from our Lord ? Question his methods ?
You know , it was literally ... Fields I was playing in one year were housing estates the next . * .. the police
Yeah . Just in it for good times , then ? - Come on .
Maybe ... It was maybe reminiscing a bit of the past , ..... but with a forward vision . English tradition is fantastic .
[ narrator ] The beautiful game . Our great nation % number one sport . Every week , hundreds of thousands of people cram their way into these places to follow their team .
A new generation had come of age . They had grown up loathing and despising American mass culture . Um , when it came to music , movies , TV , ..... um , computer games , ..... it was all America .
Fuck . - Have you got your passport ? - Yeah .
What does it do ? The idea is to allow discussion without descending into argument . Um ...
Mm-hmm . I 'm having a bit of trouble with my phone . Oh , sorry .
Really ? I 'm gon na be a football hooligan , you loser . Ooh , important call .
It 's a good nickname . And Toby was the palomino unicorn . Peter was the little princess .
[ Murmurs ] [ Answering machine ] Mr. rose , this is Matilda , from Bonar and law . Confirming your meeting with miss law this Thursday .
Oi ! Look at me when I 'm trying to talk to you . - What you been doing with yourself ?
* on this island , this silence is all mine * * there is no one to say otherwise * * if you tell me you love me I wo n't hear * * I am too busy losing myself in my mind * * in my mind * * in my mind * * in my mind * * on this island the silence is all mine * * there is no one to say otherwise * * if you tell me you love me I wo n't hear *
I warned you , Judith. `` Keep her on the rails , '' I said . I did .
I could get fucking used to this . [ Mike ] Like any job , what at first was exciting soon became routine . The times and places changed , but the job was always the same .
I thought she was a lawyer . Ah , she 's going to put some of these pornographers away . Good on her .
Lily . I hear you moaned like an elk . [ Grunting ]
Odd ? - Ca n't quite put my finger on it , but I 've given it to Mr. Bonar to peruse . Anyway , I 'll have a chat with some publishers and we 'll need to sort out a contract with this mysterious author of yours .
Then why did you storm off ? There is a point to our methods , you know . - When we resolve ...
I am , essentially , pregnant . It is common for the man to go through all the typical experiences like , you know , morning sickness , I 've got tender breasts , I 've got weight ...
Now he 'd found a different kind of meal ticket . This was serious money , and as time went on , we became better mates than we 'd ever been back in the old days . He made sure he looked after his team as well .
I 'm sorry . I felt so bad for Lily . But I do n't think I was ever quite as upset as I should have been .
We 'll flip for it . - We 're not flipping for anything . - We 'll flip for it .
Ever since he left , I 've known ... It 's not as simple as bonobos make it look . [ Sighs ]
♪ just how I feel right now ♪ and this is how it sounds ♪ so , yeah , I 'll scratch your back
I know you did . I put it in the bag . - Do n't tell me you put it in the bag .
♪ how you shake me so ♪ you shake-a , shake-a , shake me ♪ oh , when I speak
People always ask me , '' why would you want to live like a bonobo ? '' And I always say , '' well , why would n't you ? '' [ Woman ] Are you tired of the world you live in ?
Do n't speak for me . There 's been rather too much of that , lately . - But , I ...
Fuck off ! it 's the middle of the night ! [ man ] You have a visitor .
The old dears at the shop will be very excited . Now that 's a scary thought . Do they make you excited ?
David . What on earth are you doing skulking about here ? I need to talk to you .
I want to make my own decisions . I 've always let you do what you want . I 've always supported you .
You 'd spend the whole time worrying about sentence construction . It 's the basis of all good writing . Well , that 's a big rich , coming from someone who 's been planning that great novel since the first day we met .
What on earth are you doing skulking about here ? I need to talk to you . But I 'm on my way back to your place .
That light behind Lily is linked to her heart monitor . And your light is linked to yours . Now , your light is red because your heart is higher than it 's resting rate .
The important thing , with your testimony , they 'll all go down for a very , very long time . Unfortunately , though , we could n't get the people right at the top . Some of the top boys have disappeared .
Four different manifestations of the same woman , if you like . So you were n't trying to redefine the form ? I was trying to redefine my overdraft .
I 've been thinking ... You 're a very sweet man , Charlie . 'bout , about you .
Yeah , I just made it . Sorry I missed your band . ♪
What are you doing here ? We 've come to sign up for the writers ' group . It sounds like you 're doing some jolly interesting and thought-provoking stuff .
( applause ) ♪ Just another Saturday ♪ ♪ The boys are dressed up fine ♪
In the literary , indeed , the entire entertainment business , the answer to a question like that is no . Communication of any kind is frowned upon . Answering emails is considered a sign of weakness .
Say the more the merrier . For as long as you like . That 's very strong .
We 've been unable to make contact with her , for the last three months . We think there 's another plot , but what that is exactly , we have n't been able to assertain . - What does she do for Abdullah ?
And Howell prison ... Well , what can I say ? Well worth a visit .
♪ Sing a rousing song ♪ ♪ Then sing it on the long walk home ♪ ♪
Do n't worry son ... you wo n't do the seven ... You 'll be out in four . Had you going !
Just please give them the tape , okay ? Remember to give them the tape . - Yes .
Eve , your brother 's here . You do n't have a brother . Hi .
Time stops for no man ladies and germs . My time was coming up ! Parole !
Yeah . So you 're my assassin then , Danny . They know what you 've been doing .
How we laughed ! ♪ ♪ Please release me ♪ ♪ let me go
♪ The Bible 's my tool ♪ ♪ There 's no mention of school ♪ ♪ My Damascan Road 's a transistor radio ♪
I 'm looking for reliable men , I can trust . Well , I appreciate the offer . I 'm offering you the chance to get the job done right , this time .
If you have absolutely no interest whatsoever in yourself then you leave us at a bit of a loss with regards of what to do with you . What would you like us to do ? Charlie Bronson .
They finance this operation . I was there when it was given the go-ahead . - So , when is it gon na happen ?
♪ Baby , you would sleep much better ♪ ♪ Maybe you would sleep much better ♪ ♪ Baby , you would sleep much better ♪
We did n't have it bad for a couple from the chippy . ( chip shop ) But they do n't give you a star on The Walk of Fame for not paying . Do ?
Anyway , this is Findley and Donovan and coming up later , Wobbly Legged Rat , who , if you 've been a regular listener to this show , you 'll know we 're very keen on . Looking forward very much to seeing them tomorrow , live in Glasgow . And later on in this show , we have Gabriel and Damascus .
New target 's moving . - He 's turning right off the main . - Roger that .
Yes , sir . Look , I 'm not in the habit of making deals with prisoners . For your recent escapade you will be punished .
♪ I am getting to love my freedom ♪ ♪ I am getting to like my surroundings ♪ ♪
And the whole thing , is protected by the CIA . The government needs my product , see . It 's the only thing generating proper cash for them banks nowadays , understand ?
Bombs away ... Not your art teacher for most of you , no ? Very interesting , Charlie .
♪ Kids do n't want you ♪ ♪ He 's got ta play the record , hey ♪ ♪ The kids are gon na want you ♪
You 're very muscley , are n't you ? Mind if I hold your arm ? Oh my god !
You 're a brilliant soldier , and I could still use someone like you . I 'll ask you one more time : Where is she ?
And I did ... 26 years . 26 years in solitary I 've done . And I ai n't killed no one !
♪ My diary is quiet ♪ ♪ The definitive nail in my social coffin ♪ ♪ I blame all the boffins for making me fail ♪
9-11 , 7-7 , W.M.D 's . A population in a permanent state of fear , does not ask questions . Our desire for war , becomes its ' desire .
Mickey Peterson . Sit down my dear boy . Miss Gorgeous here will get you a cocktail .
Where 's all my stuff ? We could n't bring everything Michael , that was Luton . - What all of it ?
♪ ♪ For everything I long to do ♪ ♪ No matter when , or where , or who ♪ ♪ There 's one thing in common too ... ♪ ♪ It 's a , it 's a , it 's a ... ♪ ♪ It 's a sin
♪ I 'm just waking up to the news of my birth ♪ ♪ I am a girl , and I 'm lucky to be here ♪ ♪ Whatever that 's worth ♪
Now , you know we 've been holding these artist 's materials for you . Sent in by your cousin , Lauraine ? Well now that we are rather sadly having to consider the future of the arts facility .
Instead she came to us . We 've been unable to make contact with her , for the last three months . We think there 's another plot , but what that is exactly , we have n't been able to assertain .
* It 's only 2 years ago * The man with the suit and the pace You know that he was there ... And again , Sid .
Abdullah is an I.S.I . asset . If they are funding this operation , who sanctioned it ? Who gave the order ?
What you have to tell me for ? Because I wanted you to know the truth . We have to give it back .
We want you to make contact with her . And find out what 's going on . Fahad !
I ca n't believe you 've got ... no go back ... go back . As for these .
Fawaz Abdullah . He 's a UK national of Saudi origin . He came to school here and had the time of his life .
You need to use conditioner on your hair . Your dad wo n't think of that , but it makes all the difference . Me ?
It 's all about protecting supply lines . Making sure that the Afghan opium finds its way to the Russians . And then they get the KLA to bring it in .
Not since Len . You could always get one of those chess computer game things . You did n't come here to talk about chess .
Do you know the term '' train tracking '' and '' battery '' ? Perhaps you should look closer to home . The young men of your Estate ...
The war on terror will escalate . Al-Qaeda defines our very existance now . We 're the enemy , at war with ourselves .
We just meant to shit him up . It was n't me that stabbed him . Who did ?
Qu'est-ce-que c'est ? This is where I want it to end . Subtitle :
She ripped her own eyes out , so she would n't have to marry this man . Or Saint Katherine of Alexandria . They tried to kill her by crushing her to death on a wheel .
Not as well . I can see you in mine . This is fantastic .
The day he died . Now , before you say another word , he was using it as protection . I mean , that man , he was frightened .
Disappointing result for the gunners . Please advise car , I think we 've lost them . They do n't catch the men .
`` Prove that the trains ... '' `` Prove that the trains on the comers of the Zn x 2n square '' `` are painted with different colours . ''
Thank you . Well , it 's good that you find maths relaxing . Must have been very difficult for you , being just you and Nathan .
Clare of Assisi , Eleven Ninety Four till Twelve Fifty Three ? That 's right .
The IMO . Did you know you could win medals for maths , Nathan ? Just like sport , only for people who are really , really strong up here instead .
That 'll be all , Inspector . None of it makes any sense . You shot 2 drug dealers , you do n't risk being identified by driving this girl to a hospital .
I 'm the poor man . Damian Cunningham , what are you doing there ? Come on , where should you be ?
No . He was found in the pedestrian walkway . Thank you .
Thank you , but I really do n't see the point . Apart from succumbing to testosterone-fuelled irrationality . It 's because it 's funny , Luke .
You know how complicated the money was ? Well ... people are even more complicated . You need to remember that there is nearly always enough good around to be going on with .
If it had n't have been for him , I would n't have met my Kath . It was a service dance , and Bob 's dancing with this girl ... And ...
After E-day your old money will no longer be legal tender . Wish pounds goodbye and euros ... Hello .
All right , Troy ? Where 's the rest of it ? - Coming , yeah ?
Go on , my son . I 'll just be over there , out the way. `` Question one . ''
A thousand ! What did you bring a thousand to school for ? Ca n't you see that that 's suspicious ?
This yours ? It 's the key to the old house . Jointed pin tumbler Engineering perfection .
Um ... Did you get into trouble ? About Zhang Mei ?
You may begin. `` Each integer is coloured either red , yellow or green . '' `` Show that there always exist A , B , C , ''
It 's the right word , is n't it ? Yes , if this was 1948 . All right .
I know what I 'm talking about , ok ? You need to use conditioner on your hair . Your dad wo n't think of that , but it makes all the difference .
`` Let RA , RC , RE denote the circum radii '' `` of triangles FAB , BCD , DEF respectively . '' Nathan !
I would have said focused . Well , have you any room ? What did he want to bring her for ?
She 's still a poo-head . I want to come with you to Brighton . It 'd be boring .
When somebody loves you , it means that they see something in you ... That they think is worth something . So it sort of ...
Come on . We 're going to be late . Hello , how are you ?
I was n't . It would be a good thing . - You should n't .
They 're wearing the same hat . All the dangly bits match , just the other way round . And look .
Come on . You hesitated before you gave the safe signal . Is someone following you ?
Now , your government , the government that you voted for , commit atrocities against my people all over this world . Your support for them makes you responsible . I 'm not a hypocrite .
Which we 're late for . Then we get a nice meal . Just my luck .
To join us next month , take him to the airport . I know that would make Nathan happy . I should probably tell you before they ...
Should be a clear shot of him . There are two rooms at the Glassmore Hotel booked in the name of Michael and John Smith . Check in .
Best of luck , darling . There 's no such thing as luck . No .
* Everything You 're old enough to know better . Anytime you want to use your parenting skills , it 's fine by me .
Ahmed himself was killed by security services as he tried to trigger a suicide device just prior to the foyer device exploding . Helen James , head of the Glassmore Hotel Victims Committee , had this to say about the findings . I do n't see how you solve the underlying problem and I do n't think anyone really does .
And look . It 's even made of the same straw stuff . It is her , is n't it ?
`` Prove that the trains on the comers of the Zn x 2n square '' `` are painted with different colours . '' It must be hard to lose someone that you love so much .
If they discover that the Semtex was being monitored by us and that we could have stopped it ... I do n't need to tell you the repercussions for this government , especially with the election looming . The clock is ticking on all of us .
Yeah . Well , why do n't I call everybody and just , you know , put it off for a while ? Well , you 've been through a lot recently , have n't you ?
It was with his files . You must have left it when you last met . You knew all about the bombings .
Chop-chop . Can someone help the man , please ? It 's not the days of the Empire .
My friend 's husband 's dying , so she asked me to pray for him . Could n't you pray in the shop ? Yeah , but he 's only got a couple of days , and she was upset , so she wanted me to be in the room with him .
Yeah . We have to change our plans . You have to make contact with the third man and help him .
Can I have a word ? I am rather busy at the moment . Ca n't wait .
I do n't think my requirements were that demanding . That of course is entirely your opinion , but we feel that he did fulfill all your specifications . So , tell me , what is it that we can supply this time that we did n't supply last time ?
I like Lawrence a lot . And it would mean so much to me if you would at least try to like him . If you try and you do n't , that 's fine , but I just want you to try , eh ?
I am God 's lonely man . Your 9/ 11s , your 7/ 7s , are what my people suffer on a daily basis around the world . You know nothing of suffering .
He 's my bunny . I want to keep it . Sam , I 'm sorry .
So what have you been up to all this time ? Oh , nothing much , just been drifting . You did n't get into law ?
Fucking . I never know when you 're serious . I 'm going to bed .
'You asked me once about why I went in the shop , but I never told you . ' I did n't go in there looking for God . ' I wanted you .
My name is Hussein Malik . For three years I 've worked as an undercover agent for our Secret Services and infiltrated Nabil Alawi and his circle . Three months ago , I discovered a plot by Nabil to steal Semtex for the purposes of an attack on London .
James . Do I smell like a dead animal ? What ?
I 'd always been looking for someone like you , a Mr . Right to come along , look after me , and I found him . I am going to miss that safety and security I feel when I 'm with him .
There 's things I want you to know . 'You asked me once about why I went in the shop , but I never told you . ' I did n't go in there looking for God .
What we saw was devastation . It was just horrific , really . It was like being in a war zone .
Bye . Can I come with you on Saturday ? Your Grandma 's taking you to Hannah 's party .
No , Miles Percival did n't know the first thing about crosswords . His flatmate told me so . Well , maybe his flatmate does n't know Percival as well as he thinks he does .
When it comes to woman 's dress sizes , mean ... Have McLeash run down a list of local stockists . Meantime , we 'd better have a word with friend Teddy .
Ah ! He never stated his destination ? He gave his driver instructions as we went along .
♪ So do a little something like call my name ♪ See your soon , Jack ♪ Show me love
FLA 178 . You 're a digit short , are n't you ? Got McLeash to check all ten possibilities .
I wanted to say that I 'm sorry for yesterday . Some of the things I said . It got personal .
`` Look on my works , ye mighty , and despair . '' But then , crossword setters are n't exactly famed for a lack of self-regard . The gentle teacher bestowing wisdom upon the young and eager pupil ?
You have choir practice every Saturday evening , do n't you ? Well , he was in his study when left at 6 : 00 . He was still there when returned later .
Present for my baby daughter . You have to check for small parts . Ever wondered why they do it ?
When he found out she was dead . It was more than he could stand . Very poetic .
Take , uh ... Take some of these , yeah ? Take five , you give them to your friends .
A pony on the first of the month for turning a blind eye to hooky MOTs is bad enough . But this is the murder of a young girl . It 's not just me .
And I wo n't let you down , promise . I 've just run my personal best , so I think I should be back . I 've just been talking to Trix and she wants me back on the team .
Of course , his lawyer . I really am an idiot . Yeah , why coerce a confession when you can implant one ?
To be taken for Mary Tremlett . The wig and dress doubt we 'll ever find . The stage was set for the final act .
Well ... Well , because you helped him to . - See , you believed he 'd done it .
I 'd be worried if it did n't . I did n't think this was part of it . I thought you just had to train hard and not eat crisps .
She could n't have squeezed into that outfit if her life depended on it . Bought for her by an admirer ? Well , that was my thinking .
Southern Justice League . Assisting , but not officially part of , the Darius Grady defense , therefore able to talk to you . I 'm honored .
Yeah , all right . That 's what I 'm talking about . - Silk , yeah ?
Gifted to the library in 1893 ... `` Boundless and bare , the lone and level sands stretch far away . '' Detective Constable Morse .
Of course , Darius . We volunteered to drive fuel and ammo to ... We took a wrong turn .
Please . So , what can do for you , Mr. Morse ? Actually , Doctor , it 's Detective Constable Morse .
That 's where we found her . It took them a week to get the blood stains out . Hi .
Right . - Just because you 've already been selected , does n't mean you do n't need the practice - or the luck .
The house is n't the same . Find her , will you , please ? Find our Mary .
The Jamaicans are there , too , Trinidad and Tobago , and France . They 're all very strong teams indeed . On your marks .
You should n't be here . I know this might be a silly question , but how did he actually die ? Complete circulatory collapse due to snake venom .
As you can see . I 'll take your word for it . Squeamish , are we ?
J ' nomi che mi dava al suo venire J ' J ' Tutto questo avvera , te lo prometto J ' J ' Tiente la tua paura J '
No medal for Great Britain as Andrews finishes in fourth place , just ahead of Temple in fifth . They 'll both be bitterly disappointed with that Shania Andrews , a good time .
Do you know where that is ? I thought this was a physical . I did n't ask for therapy .
It 's you came to see . Wanted to say goodbye before push off . Leaving Oxford ?
Southern Justice League never heard of her . And she was the last person with me before I got stopped with planted drugs in my car . - You think she set you up ?
Know . Rosalind Stromming was dead from the moment she decided to kill an innocent girl . Or dying , at least .
Look , forensics , crime scenes , confession . Just let it go , Dr. Hill . What if he did have PTSD ?
It 's all about him . He put far too much pressure on you . Shania !
Bagley Wood ? The down clue gives the number eight . Just thought it could be a time and place .
Darius Grady was stationed at a U. S. Air Force base near Bradfield , England . He was arrested by the police in a hotel room with a drugged and naked 15-year-old girl and a concealed camera . Dr. Hill was asked to do a psychological assessment after the military claimed Darius had PTSD because of his time in Iraq and was n't in control of his actions .
Your sister . Look at what she and her boyfriend did , letting strangers in our home , - stealing our things .
Oi , listen , I 'll explain , yeah ? Basically , a bit of a ... Ed should never have sold you the baby .
Great Britain are keeping up with the leaders at the end of day two . Can they edge ahead in tonight 's sprint final ? ... Focus and concentration from you , okay ?
Got yourself a winner there . Sorry , Tommy Southern , GB relay coach . Brian Johnson , shopkeeper .
And that 's when Amare got wounded . - That 's why he came home early . - Piss off .
♪ But she were n't waking ' up from nothin This was her reality ♪ A place where dreams come true For those who lack morality ♪ She had to get out Not for her child , for her sanity
That was so funny ! I wish Tommy could have seen that boy ! Yeah , you did good with that drink , Lisa .
Stop right there . Give the cassette to me . - You doing Borgos ' dirty work ?
Right , darling ? Come on , we 're starting in a few minutes . Is that Lisa Temple ?
I started out as a runner , 400 metres . I was a relay reserve in Beijing . Turn around please .
Nope . That I do n't believe because , well ... she is hot . But I do believe you about the age thing because she is one well-developed young lady .
Of course he has prior knowledge . That 's what makes him an expert . That 's what makes him prejudiced .
Are you even listening ? - I 'm listening but can I scream now ? Yeah , go on .
Who the fuck killed Kirby ? - I do n't know who done it ! Tell me or I 'm gon na blow your head off !
♪ Council estate kids Scum of the earth ♪ Think you know how life On a council estate is ♪ From everything You 've ever read about it or heard
Coming up after the break is the weather and traffic for Central Texas . It looks like we 're in for another hot one . Oh !
'Give me one acre of cellos 'Pitched at some distant regret 'Pity the fate of young fellows And their anxious attempts to forget
I do n't know . She was always kind of careful , you know ? Mysterious .
Oh , not again . Look , forensics , crime scenes , confession . Just let it go , Dr. Hill .
♪ People get stabbed round here There 's many shanks ♪ Nice knowing someone 's got our backs When we get attacked ♪ Do n't bloody give me that I 'll lose my temper
♪ Crack addicts looking for other addicts To steal from ♪ Walkin ' round wondering Where they get their next meal from ♪ Cokeheads on their reds Sniffing up their wages
What do they say ? They say they 're the most beautiful people in the world . Like models and all that .
J ' Why else would he have taken The drugs afterwards ? ♪ Terry tries to explain They were already dead when he got there ♪ And the other girl , he ca n't remember Her name but she was not there
Some people think that love conquers all . Where I come from , I think that maybe sometimes love needs a little bit of help . Yes !
I 'll leave you these . They 're prescription , so you might be feeling some sort of nausea . Having a Glock wrapped around your skull -- that 's fucking nausea .
♪ Your love ♪ ♪ Is like a drug to me ♪ ♪ Your love ... ♪
♪ They 're playing '' Follow the Leader '' ♪ ♪ Do n't listen to those lies ♪ ♪ They 're playing '' Follow the Leader '' ♪
' 'But , you know , sometimes it can not be a good time at all , you know , 'for people who grow up in foster care . 'And , you know , things can happen to them and they can have a bad time , 'and they can end up , like , you know , not in a good place , like , mentally , 'and a lot of the time physically ,
What the fuck 's going on ? Was that your car , sir ? No , it belongs to a colleague .
Don ? He ca n't come to the phone right now . Can I take a message ?
gon na stay with my gran i have n't seen her for ages , not since my Mum died my Dad did n't like her i 'll go stay with her anywhere , but where you are Derek find you , he 'll kill you Can we go to my gran 's then ?
Yeah , but -- - I 'm telling you , I want my money . I-it 's impossible .
To do what ? Rip off your boyfriend with the Yank ? What 's wrong with you ?
for me ? - I only saw her this morning , i do n't know go on Duncan Allen
So you have n't heard from her then ? - I told you , I 've only met the girl twice Well come on , let 's have it
Allright what me ? - No , he wants a young girl - How young ?
Duty calls ! ♪ Take control , make me scream ♪ ♪ I ca n't stop lovin ' ♪
and what ? he kissed me for a bit then he put me on the bed did he tie you up ?
Here we go . It 's Derby County against Leeds United at the Baseball Ground . Come on , boys !
RIGHT NOW MANLY TOM IS CONDITIONING HIS HAIR IN A LAVENDER-SCENTED BATH WHILE SINGING CHER . GOD , I THINK YOU 'VE TURNED HIM GAY .
Look . For Leeds to win the First Division title ... being named Manager of the Year really is a dream come true . I 've a lot of people to thank .
ANDY , EVEN IF YOU GET THE CAR STARTED , WHERE ARE YOU GOING TO GO ? YOU CA N'T SEE THE ROAD , AND THE NEAREST PLACE IS N'T FOR MILES , EVEN IF YOU DO GO IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION .
OH MY GOD , TIM . TIM , ARE YOU ALL RIGHT ? - OH MY GOD .
YOU SHOULD STAY HERE WITH LUCY . IF SOMETHING GOES WRONG , YOU 'LL BE OF MORE USE THAN WE WILL . - I 'LL GO .
CHEERS . HE LEFT LONDON PRETTY EARLY , SO AN HOUR OR TWO . WHY DID N'T HE FLY UP LIKE THE REST OF US ?
I 'M LOSING IT . I MEAN , WHAT 'S GOING ON HERE ? WE HAVE TO STOP HIM .
WITH YOU IT 'S ALWAYS NEXT YEAR . WELL THEN , TO NEXT YEAR . - TO NEXT YEAR .
The man 's bloody crocked . Pete reckons he 's good for 3 more years . Is he , fuck .
SHIT ! LOOK , WE 'VE KNOWN TOM SINCE WE WERE 11 . I KNOW .
YOUR DAD 'S SWEET . HE 'S SWEET TO YOU BECAUSE YOU 'RE A PRETTY GIRL , AND HE WANTS ME TO MARRY YOU .
January 27th , 1968 . See , I even remember the date . You came to Derby County , 3rd round of the FA Cup ... and you refused to shake my hand .
Well , perhaps you should just shake on it today . And sign for it tomorrow . What ?
Damien : PERSONALLY , I 'D RATHER BE MAROONED HERE IN THE DEPTHS OF WINTER . WELL , AS LONG AS I HAD A GOOD BOTTLE OF WHISKEY , AND A ROARING FIRE .
Very reasonable too . Just doing what 's best for the club . That 'll be my club , Brian .
YOU DO N'T EVEN USE THIS . IN FACT , IF YOU 'RE NOT GOING TO USE IT , - I 'M GON NA TAKE IT BACK .
The razzle and the bloody dazzle . But I 'm the goods in the back ! And without me ... without somebody to save you from yourself , Brian- fucking
DO YOU THINK IT 'S A TRAP ? WHY WOULD HE BE OUTSIDE ? MAYBE HE 'S TRYING TO ESCAPE .
I KNOW THEY 'RE THERE . IT 'S LIKE , HOW DO WE KNOW UNDER ALL THAT SNOW THAT THE WORLD 'S STILL OUT THERE ?
But not Dave Mackay . Who 's just accepted the job . What ?
I 'M SERIOUS , ANDY . - YOU DO N'T BELIEVE IN GHOSTS . - I DID N'T , BUT --
( man ) It was notorious . It was known as the toughest estate in , you know , in Bradford . Buttershaw , and then the Arbor was the toughest street .
I soaped those boys down with me own hands . You just went to Leeds , no thought for the club , no thought for the players . Just on some mad personal vendetta against me .
Today , as an adult , I 'd say she was an alcoholic . She was n't functioning , she was just an alcoholic . You know , she was very sick .
He started on about the girls he 'd screwed and who he 'd like to screw . He said , '' Are you coming to the toilet with me ? '' I thought he were joking so I just laughed , but he were n't , so I went .
Thank you , Mr. Chairman . Put the fish and chips in the bin . Tonight 's on Uncle Sam .
Cigarettes , food in the cupboard , blah-di blah-di blah ... In the back of my head he was a client , but he was n't , if you know what I mean . It was different , you know .
New approach . Let 's see some of you playing with a smile . There on his right , the man who takes over from Don Revie ...
I know which I 'd prefer . I know which honest working- class Derby supporters would prefer too . What I am say ...
The next day , the girl went to the doctor 's . She did n't ask the doctor for an abortion . She was 14 weeks pregnant .
It 's Andrea Dunbar . - Right , and where do you live ? - Up there .
Tell him to slow down a bit . I ca n't , they 're catching us . Slow down , please .
I cashed my maternity grant today . Mum 's doing us a party tomorrow . - We 're gon na paint this room .
Yeah , that day , when she died , yeah . She asked me to go to the pub with her and I said no . And , you know , I wish I had 've done .
Through friends , the play was sent to the Royal Court Theatre in London , where it 's now having a successful run in the theatre upstairs . Max Stafford-Clark is directing the play , Andrea 's first , as part of the Young People 's Theatre Festival . Well , I 'd just become Artistic Director of The Royal Court .
You let people walk all over you . Well , that 's exactly what I was saying . You 're right .
`` He was always saying , 'Do this , do that . '' ' `` I never did like that , but that 's besides the point . Love , Andrea . ''
MOLLY : I only ever think of your feelings . I 've had enough .
Do you know ... ( Max ) In 2000 , 20 years on from The Arbor and Rita , Sue and Bob Too , I went back to Buttershaw , to interview people for a new play that showed what had changed there since the early ' 80s .
Yes , I 'll ... I 'll join you in a minute , maybe . Right .
He were n't even one . It were April so he were n't one till June , so he were 11 , ten month old . Ten month old , that 's a fact , yeah , ten .
No . Never heard of one of them - Have you ever heard of them ?
It 's making me tired for the paying customers . And I 'm not the only one , neither . Listen , babe .
Mary ? Social services called to say Kirsty 's siblings are all accounted for . An ongoing saga , apparently .
Erma thousand pounds . Mind , we heard today that Shawcross and Son meant everything to her , but to cheat me just to keep it in the family ! Cheat ?
Do n't you agree ? Might drink it all posh . Me little finger sticking out and everything .
I guess . What 's in the bag , girl ? Tricks of the trade .
Barry ! Kirsty , what are you just standing there for ? Put the telly on , or something !
I give £ 150 , and my silver coffeepot , To Mrs Spalding , who has carried on where I left off in the office , I give £ 150 and my cameo brooch .
That 's the trouble with you , William . ( Mobile rings ) 20-odd years on the sidelines playing bass . - William Shawcross BILLY :
God . Let me look at you . What a sight !
But William said it did n't matter what we wore . Well , it matters to me . Put some proper shoes on .
Jenna , baby . No , I 'm not a baby . I want a baby .
And touch her . Would you like me to come in with you ? No .
I 'm worried it 's gon na come today . I 'm worried I wo n't be able to have it there . You 'll be able to have it there !
Not like me . Shrewd Eddie rambles , and I play along . The obedient girlfriend , the happy lover .
Where are my clothes ? - Attracting , and the dance floor . I do not pull it .
You ungrateful little shit . You shoot my boss just to steal his money ? I just worked out a riddle .
Come on . - Go on , I 'm looking for my daughter . You have to escape now .
The north of town . I warn you , do not say it wrong . My daughter is only nine .
How it is to live in fear . I have lived in fear . I know how it is .
Yes , I 'm sure it is . And your new students , are they enjoying your lectures ? Er , not as much as I understand they 're enjoying your wife , sir .
And otherwise I would come get him . I always get them back . Not me .
This honour will confer immeasurable economic and social status on Edinburgh , on Scotland , on the medical profession , and , of course , on its recipient . I thank you , and goodnight . Lord Harrington , I just ...
Any gifts , but on time . We do not come too late . - Do not .
Now the King will be in residence at Holyrood in just three weeks . Will this work be completed in time ? Aye , I shall have to step up the pace , but I do n't foresee any major problems .
There are traces of ... of goodness and regret within him . That 's what makes him such a great tragic hero . The whole play is about his ... his inner struggle between good and evil .
Then your children . So I 'd have to kill you now , is that ? You get no second chance .
Just to be the man who walks 1,000 miles To fall down at your door When I 'm lonely
Two toilets stolen . Zaf is in one of them . Let your clothes and come to the roof .
Good day . Either you hand over the evidence , Doctor Knox , or I 'll be forced to arrest you ! You 're not touching it .
Does n't really have a name . - Perhaps we should invent one . - Just get it over with , William .
Not me . I 'll cut your throat when you sleep through . Then your wife .
No problem at all . - Do n't know about this , William . - It 'll be a piece of cake .
I 've done this before . About Me resists , dies slowly . You too .
Mr. Hare I 've never asked you how you came by these subjects . Oh , my partner and I have arrangements with the low lodging houses in the West Port . - Whenever someone dies ...
Romanian stroganoff . Come on , someone is waiting , my boy . Your dad called me my boy .
Would n't that make him a man ? I 'm talking about the first all-female production of a Shakespeare play ! But it costs money to put on a play , Ginny .
I will enjoy it . A roof over my head . Warm .
Mitch Sam , Ned and Steve John . Does this happen every day ? - They made a big mistake .
Get used to it . The only part of the country where you from will enjoy , is a prison cell . I will enjoy it .
And I would walk 500 miles And I would walk 500 more Just to be the man who walked 1,000 miles
It is . I just need to put together a consortium of investors . Anyway enough about me .
He says , '' Stand up , guards . Now , Maitland , now 's your time . '' And over we go , fightin ' , fightin ' the Frogs .
No , she 's prefect . The canopy is at the controls . - Vandals ?
They 're free . Dracul nothing wrong with them . Are you even a doctor ?
Besides Edinburgh 's changed . You know , people have changed . - I 've changed .
Bet it 's done wonders for the price of your house . But I bet yours is nice ... inside . Yeah , it 's all right .
I always try to be fair . 'And there 's the whistle to get us underway . 'Looking around this magnificent stadium , 'you can really sense the feeling of excitement now .
'But police estimate there will be more . 'Forensic experts believe that six suicide bombers'were responsible for the attack . 'Three in the grounds'and three in service vehicles'parked near the stadium perimeter . '
Yes . Would you like another drink ? I 've got to go to the toilet , anyway .
You look nice in civvies , Terrence . No one 'd ever guess you were an off-duty police officer . - You 're married , are n't you ?
Stand still ! - ' Subject is wearing a backpack . - Take position .
'The investigation is making progress . 'But I would still urge communities'to give us the names we need . 'Not because of race or religion , 'but because at base we are all humans'and we understand human cost .
'Where are you hiding ? I 'm going to get you . 'Mummy , Mummy , quick !
Yes . - And I 'll take her home . - Ooh !
' Mummy , Mr Rabbit does n't like going in the dizzy machine . Quick !
Thanks . Can I just tell you something ? As long as it 's not about caravans , Terrence .
Oh ... ' I know you 're a clever man , Osama . Much brighter than me .
'An act of terrorism is unpredictable , arbitrary . 'Its purpose is to kill indiscriminately . 'Whether mother or father , 'sister or brother , 'parent or child .
' 'My dad 's the best daddy in the world . He 's better than monkeys and ...
How you gon na get him there ? I know how to get him there . All right , man , it 's ... your funeral .
May as well rush him . '' He bricked Henry . I tried to fight my man but he got away . - So where 's Henry ?
It 's a ball , but I suppose you can come . You 'd have to dress up a bit , mind you- I 've had the best week . I do n't want your fucking life story .
What about what they want ? What about all the lives you 've ruined ? - I did n't mean to kill him .
Anything I can do . Give me your number and I 'll give you a call . - Thank you .
Have you got the gear ? - Why should I give you anything ? Come on , Jay .
Mmm-hmm . - Where are you two going ? - To lunch .
You wan na live to be like Roc ? Then you got ta be smart . Stop doing 90 with a trunk full of drugs .
You know what 's up , so stop pretending . And another thing , do not under any circumstance try to come to my sister 's party tonight . Candace is gon na be there with me .
What do you got ? I got $ 40 and this ring . It ai n't worth shit .
Are we all right ? This is just like I thought . You 're worried about yourself .
♪ When you 're holding on ♪ Say I feel all right ♪ ' Cause nothing feels like
Shoulda let me do the talking . I need to get my head right , man . Do n't listen .
And maybe you 're not the last . But for the rest of my life ... people will look at me and know I was here . They 'll question my integrity ... and say I 'm a monster .
Ooh ! You think the road 's really dangerous ! - You are really ...
We live next door . I help out when I 'm not in school . I dunno if you know this , but there 's some lunatics running around this hood .
Nigga , I told you . Shoulda let me do the talking . I need to get my head right , man .
I 'm the guy who took you in off the street and gave you your shot . I do n't owe you anything , Roc . Okay .
( SIGHS ) I love you . This tie is too dark . Where are you going ?
Huh ? Wan na make this about us , or what ? Nah .
It 's one of our corporate apartments , Lindsey . We 've got a few of them . Um ...
I nearly lost my job . All right , come on , let 's get some gas . ( SHUSHING )
Yo , Mercedes ! I wan na introduce you to my new boy . ♪
Motherfucker 's got status in the yard . Killed five people inside and saying he 's done two more since . Hold !
She 'll be here . When you come to school , you 're very hungry . Are you eating at home ?
All right , I 'll be in your refrigerator , all right ? So whose party is this ? It 's at Nikki 's house .
♪ Uh-oh , there 's a new kid in town ♪ ♪ Runnin ' round- it 's me ♪ Poured if I came and mothed up your street spot ♪
♪ My pen , I feel I should just put it down ♪ ♪ And quit music regardless of how good it sounds ♪ ♪ Just concentrate on my nine to five ♪
You 're gon na break this bed . We 've only just got it ! ( LAUGHS )
Just the same way you do n't like to talk about Jimmy . - Yeah , but he talked about ... - Lookit , Faith , everyone deals with pain or the past differently .
TRACY : I know you think I do n't understand , but whatever it is , you 've decided you have to do right now Just tell me where you are and I 'll come get you , boy .
By this time , my mother thought I should be married , and according to my life schedule , it 's four months away . I 'll be marrying her , Natalie . She 's amazing .
No , I know that . But I worked 80 hours this past two weeks . So where 's the rest of it ?
Right ? I do n't know what you 're talking about . Heck , yeah .
Read that . I had a girl on the outside too . I was crazy for her .
Can I talk to you for a second ? It 's not a great day . Ariel was telling me the two of you are homeless .
Sit . You know who sits here ? Your boss sits here .
Walter ! That mouth of yours is gon na get you killed , man . Hey , Kat .
You 'd be proud of her , Peter . After you left , she got very close to Federov . But she wants to come in .
After high school , I went off with the first guy who was nice to me and had his own place . Oh , yeah ?
We had to do it . All right , that summer when I was ten ... Did you know today was my birthday ?
And Devereaux raises her . When Devereaux was in Berlin , he recruited Natalia , convinced her to spy for us . He had a whole goddamn family hidden from all of us .
Yeah . I need some nights without you guys sometimes . What 's up , brother ?
Moved for his covering up for me like he does . And hey , not many fathers would do that . Right ?
I have an MA in developmental psychology from the Yale Child Studies program . - Did you get a Ph.D. ? No , an MA is a Master 's .
How many times did you wish Jimmy would die ? How many times did you lay awake at night secretly hoping that he would just drop dead ? Well , you tell me , how does that make us different ?
Kids go home early for Passover . They seemed to like it . I mean , masturbating is his own issue .
You tell yourself no one 's gon na get hurt . At least no one you care about . - You played it well , though .
You piece of shit ! Your odds are running out . Who was the American agent ?
If it makes you feel any better , I keep a shotgun in my bedroom closet . Is it loaded ?
You disgust me . You were n't even a writer until recently . You bailed on Dad because he 's not successful and has n't got recognition .
Listen . Just stay here and listen right here to me . I know I fucked up big time .
Then I guess I did n't make it . They 're gon na kill us all . How would it happen ?
As you know . Your dad and Walt are here . They 're gon na take you back to Bernard 's .
We 're young . This is the '' time of our lives '' time . This place is sweet .
I think Walt loves her . - So they like the same women now too . - What ?
Just in case you have n't already picked up on it , my father and me , we do n't exactly get along . As long as I do my share of the work , he leaves me be , and he lets me do my thing . So it 's cool .
This is it , Peter . I 'm in the yellow building , green shutters , left of the clock tower . How many potentials ?
A student of mine writes very racy short stories you might like . She has one that chronicles her vagina . - Dad .
Who else ? Thanks again for the ride . You have the rest of the day nicely .
What are you looking for ? A gun , like , a cell phone or a map or something in here . Do you wan na wear that ?
Find out where he 's staying . - You are not going to kill me . - You 're wrong .
But these were mine . - Are you and Walt stealing from Mom ? - These were mine , Frank .
Yeah , okay . The network is currently unavailable . Please try again later .
No , I did n't . I 'm surprised to see you . Can I get you a drink ?
You never made a dinner . I made burgers when you had pneumonia . - Only after I insisted .
No . I thought you knew this . No .
You 're stupid . Okay , read me out the IPs on the CC servers. `` 192 . 236 . 19 . 147 . ''
What about ? - We 'll go over it tonight . - Ca n't you give us a hint ?
Jonah ! Jonah , come on , let 's go ! Get in the truck !
We did it ! Who the fuck you been talking to ? People you should have been talking to !
Just keep going . We still got , like , a quarter mile . - Stop , stop , we passed it .
You look good . Better than him , at least . - Kargan .
Which also might have something to do with it . Ms. Berkman , I read your story in The New Yorker . - I thought it was quite moving .
The two subjects , considered possibly contagious , have escaped from a medical research facility . Nicholas Eastman and Haley Peterson are believed to be traveling on foot and should not be approached . Please alert your local authorities .
No . There was something else I was gon na say . I ran into Celia , Lance 's mother , on the street and she was telling me how wonderful she thinks you are .
Bus station . Bus to Novi Sad , nine a.m . Bus station .
A small business . It 's a cafe by a lake . And a daughter who never got to know her mother , and who barely knows her father .
Agreed . However , now Federov is about to become president of Russia . That makes him a person of interest to the world and to my publication .
Nic , what happened to your legs ? Haley , I already explained to you . Are you feeling okay ?
An inheritance ? Apparently , casino managers do quite well in Atlantic City , New Jersey . In U.S. dollars , Mr. Witherspoon , your uncle has left you ...
Ooh , I just ... I feel like I should be going to find my sister somewhere . Maybe ...
What are you talking about ? Look at your legs , man . Look at your legs .
Be honest . What was wrong with my style ? Analysis lacked depth , shades ...
Fantastico ! Luigi Gaudi will be your guide . Thanks , but Uncle is here for rest , you see , and seclusion .
You 're 17 You should commit your mistakes . Do not clean up after mine .
Stop it ! What the hell do you think you 're doing ? Haley , wake up !
Not my name ! Mrs. Rita LaPorto and Dr. Vincent Di Ruzzio . - She said '' doctor '' !
So you know what I mean ? Jonah , whose blood is that ? Is that yours ?
Bonjour , monsieur . May I suggest the trout today ? Nothing for me , thanks , but my uncle here will have ...
You have the rest of the day nicely . Just push from the inside out . Bye .
Even my gynecologist . Then I get a receptionist and a diary . - Perkins 101 ?
Are you crazy ? - You do n't shoot a gun in a casino ! Do n't fight me !
Antiquated methodologies , dinosaurs with government grants . A whole facility built during the first wave of Big Science outdated but allowed to continue pretending that you 're important . - I feel sorry for you .
Is n't that the same gorge we just came from ? Then that town , Good Springs , should be down here , right ? I guess .
I was six or seven years . Can you give me a light ? Can you now better imagine the good old days ?
It 's Porter . Back in the day , I used to deliver coal to both buildings , through this basement . The one next door that they demolished was identical to my building .
Do you know how old she is ? - She knows what she 's doing . She is 14 , half as old as you .
Okay ! Okay , so I shot you . But you cheated on me .
But what about him ? You still got my Tony . You 're welcome to take him too .
Anyway , we had a week 's shore leave in Marseilles . Something tells me there 's a woman involved in this story . As beautiful as you are .
Please keep in mind the red area called '' clitoris '' . Its location is a bit illogical , but it is the key woman 's satisfaction . Had I known it a little before , could have saved my marriage .
♪ Your name just a name ♪ ♪ If I never met you ♪ ♪ Everything would not have changed ♪
Would you excuse us , please ? This is a personal matter . Get in the closet .
♪ Everything would not have changed ♪ ♪ The stars would be the stars ♪ ♪ A universe , not strange ♪
No thanks . Henne we will never return to . - Well ... you will have a draft ?
But that 's impossible . You 're probably thinking that 's impossible . Am I right ?
I do not dance . - I thought you 'd never ask . Then it 's you .
It is easier . She drives me back in the morning . Yes , it rhymes jo ...
Dad . I 'm going to say goodbye now , okay ? Okay .
♪ Close to me ♪ ♪ I will give it all if you stay ♪ [ man grunts ]
He has a gun ! Oh , no , wait a minute ! Wait a minute !
Please , I 'm sorry I entered your house without permission , but I know it 's wrong . I need your help , Mrs. Segal . Please .
You can start by looking at good old Archimedes ... Why can not I change electives ? Do you know how many students had killed to make room on my team ?
Okay , why do n't we ... Why do n't we just get in a cab ? Check into some hotel --
MOM : We watched a very good movie on the cable last night . - Mmm .
I became like a science experiment for him . I 'm willing to do anything you ask , as long as it does n't involve hurting someone , if you are willing to do anything I ask .
I 'm so sorry . If you would just excuse me for a moment . Again , she can not just barge in here every time she loses her glasses .
So sorry to wake you . Hobbs , this is Porter Wren . One of your goons broke into my house today and shot my three-year-old son and his babysitter .
Look , we 're off . And , Harry , thank you again , man . I 'm about to have the biggest adventure of my life .
Tony ! I come home , it 's 5 : 00 in the morning . Poor Luigi laying there dead .
Come in . I want to show you this . Okay , this is what we 're talking about .
If you 're my uncle , who 's that ? This is Luigi Gaudi , who was killed in my own apartment , in my own bed . What was he doing there with a woman ?
So , um , do you guys eat the same thing every night ? Yeah , a lot of chicken . They 're everywhere here .
♪ As you 're licking wickedly ♪ ♪ ' Cause with you I got that ... ♪ [ song continues , muffled ] [ exhales loudly ]
You said , '' Just be happy . That 's all I want for my kids . '' Is n't that right ? What makes me happy is having this baby .
Dude , food attracts mice . And you know what mice attract ? - Stupid fucking questions ?
I really have to pee . [ Simon ] Three honest answers is all I require . Question one :
( brakes squeak ) What 's going on over there ? ( chuckles , sighs )
Well , if you stick around a little longer , I can give you a ride , Annelle with an E. Oh , that 's okay .
Then what ? Then , you keep going , sir . You make do .
And you get through , and life goes on . I mean , you 're the one , you ... You convinced me I could do anything I set my heart on .
( school bell ringing ) You know what , actually , it does n't look that bad . ( sighs )
You may have to , when your wife , distressed with news of your affair , operates on someone with less than her usual skill . Malpractice suits are the ruin of many good doctors . Yes , yes .
What ? - They 've been through my whole apartment , my computer . They watch me everywhere .
You know he'II listen to you . Miss Ouiser , please , it is my wedding day . Please just say something to your dog .
What kind of days ? The kind I 'm having right now . I do n't know what kind of day you 're having .
Look , Joe , just ... just because we 're not dating does n't mean that I do n't care about you at all . We did n't even know if you were dead or not . You know ?
What 's going on ? Shall we tell them , Mama ? I guess so .
Sam Dawson has everything for your canine needs . Let me go get your daughter . Everybody behave Like a gentleman ... because Lucy 's gon na come out here ... and first impressions are very important .
Oh , my Lord , that 's your place . Oh , Lord , I hope nobody got hurt . Oh !
Oh ? - We have a phrase we have to repeat . - What is that ?
No . Yeah , you have to read that word . No .
Yeah , yeah , she 's making sense now . See , it 's not so bad . You just need a little bit more juice .
Continue with your witness , Mr. Turner . Ms. Davis , I assume in your therapy session ... that Mr. Dawson extolled his parenting ability . On the contrary .
Um ... yeah . Well , do you want to go for a walk or something ? 'Cause I ca n't sleep .
I really honestly do n't . I want you to know that . So whenever you want to see him , you just tell me .
They 're real nice . And , um , you need to get her pink suit , the one with the cherries on the ... ( SOBBING )
Because moisture can get trapped in there from the brace . That 's what killed Jim Henson , you know . Oh ...
I 'm really nervous . We 're really doing this , huh ? Yes , we are .
objection . ¡ ° ' True feelings revealed '' ? Your Honor , Ms. Davis is an expert ...
Shelby , hang on , honey . Clairee 's getting you some juice . Should I get her a cookie ?
Biaggio , your corn pudding is to die for . I have to know the recipe . Mmm .
You can not stand emotion . I 'm right here with you . Excuse me .
Oh , I 'm sure you'II do a beautiful job . It do n't matter what I look like anyway . Does n't your dress have to go over your head ?
I was there when this wonderful person drifted into this world , and I was there when she drifted out . It was the most precious moment of my life thus far . That 's great , Truvy .
We do n't know that they 've run away . I mean , there is absolutely no reason that Patrick would run away . Not for Patrick to run away , no .
So whenever you want to see him , you just tell me . Any time you want to see him is fine ... but we kind of need to work it out first . So how about a snack ?
Oh , my God , I love Boyce and Hart . I 'm going to make a record with those guys someday . Ooh , afraid not , actually .
♪ The poor girl would shake with alarm ♪ ♪ He 'd never leave the girl with the ♪ ♪ Strawberry curls ♪
Can I help you with something ? I used to know people that lived here a long time ago . We 've been here three years .
And this thing she 's trying to work out , This horrible fucking thing , this heinous fucking thing That some fucking beast did to her .
I do n't think you realize what you 're up against . We have to be in court in three days ... And we do n't have a decent witness .
Barbara and I split up . - I ca n't believe it , this is horrible ! - Can you get her back ?
He 's a retard . Well , it takes one to know one . It 's wonderful to have you for company tonight .
Asking you for help , but do you remember when you did that story A while back on U2 ? I was wondering if you got anything from them
OK . It 's totally unlike the stuff that I imagine you watch every day . - That is not healthy .
Well , I guess I 'll Just wait downstairs . Sure there is n't anything I can get you ? No , Ma .
Till I fucked things up . I have a little bit of a fidelity problem . You , too , huh ?
We 've been very happy here . Was the house good to you ? No , but it was n't the house 's fault .
When you really love a girl , there 's a lot that goes into it . - You 're saying you love her ? - Of course I love her .
What 's this all about , man ? I mean , what 's really going on here ? It 's about her rape .
About 70 . So your mother ... this woman who had the mind of a 9-year-old ... had the wisdom to recognize you would be a great doctor . Yes .
I did n't say I did n't like it . I said it 's not a dime . - That 's incorrect .
Have you ever thought That maybe someone could help you Maybe fill in that stuff you do n't remember ,
Do you want me to go ? No , I do n't want you to go , but you can go if you want . - Fine .
( Morrissey ) * The saddest thing I 've ever seen . * * And you never knew * how much I really liked you . Jesus , fuckin ' brilliant .
Yeah , you did . Stop it , I mean it . Stop it .
For drunk and disorderly behavior . I do think it 's time for you to start writing for us , Lulu , But I ca n't send you to Florida .
I live here . What do you mean you live here ? Actually , I live here .
I do n't know if you remember , you caught me in a kind of an inopportune moment last week . - When I was sobbing by the door ? - Oh !
I just ... I wanted you to know that , when we were kids , After it happened ,
♪ Tell me that I do n't ♪ Oh , oh , oh , oh , oh Mmm , that smells good .
Did you say ... ? - She asked you what you said . What 's the matter with that ?
( Woman ) I do n't have anyone . [ Sobbing ] I do n't have anyone . Ay , santísima .
So Barbara could n't come tonight ? No , she had this family thing tonight . But she wanted to make it , she just could n't .
We just need stools and the sign . Yeah , we can pull some stuff from work . Just let me know .
I said to myself , No matter what had been done to me , I did n't have to use his fucking soap .
♪ To hide in the scenery ♪ In your vintage jewelry ♪ Like some fucked-up bumblebee ♪
Hey , Tex , man , what 's wrong with her ? Nothing 's wrong with me , all right ? I just want to go home .
I 'm trying to find ray and his buddy whats his name . You know , the two guys that killed Maria gotteskind ? I do n't know who you mean .
I got this job as a bread maker . I figure , stay busy at night , sleep during the day . Get into less trouble .
I just figure , why should I ? I mean , my girlfriend does n't like it . So she does n't have to know about it .
Ah , fuck ! Scudder , I 'm assuming that you 're not dumb enough to shoot a federal agent . - Show me your badge !
What 's your first bet ? What 's a good first bet ? $ 5 ?
What I 'm saying is , I do n't care nothing about cows . Just care about what I put inside my body . No meat , no soda , no pringles , none of that shit .
How long have you been waiting to say that ? The whole U-haul ride , you 've been thinking ... All day .
You 're losing your house ? - No , we 're not losing the house . You have to understand , if James does n't have the proper lodging --
That program . It 'll take me maybe a minute to figure out how to work yahoo all by yourself . Why bother .
You know , when your old man asked me to be your godfather that was a big moment in my life He was a great mentor to me and he was -- He was my best friend . I do n't know how much of this he expressed to you how deeply proud he was of you when you joined the service .
My brother got a job , okay ? We do n't need no welfare . Jimmy , shut up !
What 's that ? Dumping an already dead body at a cemetery. `` Tuesday , the body of leila andresen , ''
We 're gon na take that money , Ty . You , me , Baines , Quinn , Palmer and Dobbs . What ?
Once . A couple of guards got killed in a five-man ambush . How much they get ?
Mm-hmm . They go , '' Oh , my name ... my name is Jim . This is my wife , Carol . ''
Hello , my name is Peter . I 'm an alcoholic , and still drug addict . - And I got one date back ...
I 'm probably a little ... Interesting gentlemen do n't necessarily come in there all the time . I 'm probably somewhere on the Asperger 's spectrum .
And a couple of guys came in to rob the place . I chased them into the street . Shot two dead .
Tj , you got ta ... - Jill , clean that up later , okay ? Right now , he 's helping me with something .
breathing . - Talk to me , talk to me . - I 'm fine .
♪ I think that 's where it 's at ♪ Ca n't we just say ♪ That that
And then what ? Wait on the corner for five minutes , then walk back . Get in your car and go home .
What 's the drill ? - Stay in the car and lock the doors . Call 911 if anything goes down .
And so in my head , I think about what my mother said , and I have the vision , like from , you know , the voice of God . This guy 's name is Chris Cook . And so I go , '' Hey , man , you 're Chris Cook . ''
Okay , all right . I admit it 's been tough . He lost both -- We lost both our parents this year .
Do n't you touch him ! Get out of the truck . I 'm not messing around .
Mm ? If you do n't want to do it , this is your chance to get out . Okay .
No rewind . No going after popcorn and coming back to the show . It 's just you with that gun on your hand , a stupid look on your face ...
Have you talked to Jimmy about the situation ? He knows the bank wants the house , but he thinks I 'll figure it out . - Good dog , Joe .
Then , 2 days later , I think they thought it to be funny ... Showed up for work and there 's cops dispatched everywhere . You know , I never say anything .
Please stop acting like Dad . Boy , I do n't got time for this . Get up .
Big happy , big happy . Oh , where do you think you 're going ? - Breathe .
Really ? I heard it was Bangkok . BO Y 1 :
Oh ! You guys just do n't know him like I do . You do n't .
Yeah , he is all surface . Yeah , but in his defence , it 's a really hot surface . - Well , yeah .
You know , that guy practically raised me . I was 2 when our parents died . Connor was just 7 .
I can walk . Maybe if Christie wants to help me , she could . - Thanks little one .
We did n't get a movie . We got a sitcom with Alde which was all nonstop laughs unless you were the one watching his friends die . The war 's over , Dad .
And through up a map of Sommerton up for me . I want to check something out . - Sir ?
No , no , no . Come on , you 're my brother . You 're funny , you 're articulate , you 're smart .
Christie , you have to get off the street , baby . - Why are you hiding behind a car ? I could kill for that ass .
Any more spots ? You know , it was probably , in some small way , partially my fault . - I was always attracted to assholes .
Way to look on the bright side . You 've already got new relationships , new friendships , right ? Here we go .
No ! I can totally fix this . If it 's any consolation , the cake really was n't very good .
One last time . Only this time , the surprise is on you . Let 's go guys .
Piss-ant country Sheriff . Phil , give me the SWAT captain , all right . Got it .
Move , move , move ! - John , I 'll cover the alley . - Good .
Because you do n't actually care . You love Paul so much , you forgave him the second you heard . And that 's what scares you .
You made your bed , now you got to bang whatever crawls into it . That 's what I keep trying to tell you . What can I say ?
Oh , I want to hang on to ole Georgetta here . Seeing as I 'm the only one fit to handle her . Ok .
I saw him blink . I saw it with my own eyes . There 's not much else I can do .
Cortez just blew through their checkpoint . But all airfields are closed , so he wo n't be flying out . I want a roadblock here .
I practically raised her . Then one night , I find her pointing a Glock at me in the kitchen . If she had n't hesitated , it would have been my brains splattered all over the marble floor , instead of hers .
# The dirty grey # # surrounding me ' round # # And now I hear no sounds # Doctor , what is it ?
There was no crossing at Sommerton . They 're going to build one . Because the ravine south of down here is very narrow .
I , um ... I was thinking about what you said yesterday , you know , that stuff with your father taking you to places that you 've never been . Well , guess what ?
Do I look like an idiot to you ? Do you want me me to ask him ? No .
Whoo ! Did you get all your Christmas shopping done ? Oh , no , I 'm gon na be shopping at the gift shop tonight .
Let 's do it again . If they ca n't get to us , we 'll get to them . Go up swell and drift down .
# the woman is the way # # Always remind me # # how you almost got by me # # I do n't know what I would have done # # without you , honey #
I 've been in bad patches so many times and came home with so much stock little boys like you had to pack it on the pier . I always find the fish ! Always !
# Used to stand in line so as I can sign my giro # # But now my ends are meeting in the best way that I know # # And the beats that go boom #
Hey , how about a little hand over here ? You do your job , I 'll do mine . Come on , guys .
I do n't know if you can , but I 'm talking to you , baby . Do you know how much I love you ? I loved you the moment I saw you .
There you go . Well , you 're just filled with little tricks , are n't you ? Here 's your dessert .
We want to go home . You want to go home ? You lonely for that young mama who was all over you ?
I miss you . I miss you so much . I 'm on this date , and it 's going so well .
I saw it with my own eyes . There 's not much else I can do . I 'm sorry , Johnny .
Just one minute , one minute . Oh , thank God you 're still there . How 's he doing ?
Mommy called , and nobody answered , and I thought something happened to you . I thought you had left me . I got something for you .
Get the doctor now . We moved him to the code room . Heart rate was climbing fast .
About a year , since my divorce . You do n't really have to talk about that if you do n't feel like it . I don't-
You throw off your bow line , throw off your stern . You head out the South Channel past Rocky Neck , Ten Pound Island past Niles Pond , where I skated as a kid . Blow your horn and wave to the lighthouse keeper 's kid on Thatcher Island .
It ca n't be visited . There is no headstone on which to rest a bunch of flowers . The only place we can revisit them is in our hearts or in our dreams .
An Air National Guard rescue helicopter has been dispatched . At Logan International Airport , flooded runways . We did it !
I understand everything now . I found that picture in your car . And I could n't help but think about you , how lonely you must feel inside without love .
Seriously ? You 'll never have to worry about that . I 'll do whatever I have to do .
Who cares ? If he 's rich as well , you might have a fight on your hands . I want you all to meet an old chum of mine .
Come in ! Come in , for God 's sake , come in ! Billy , these storms have collided !
What 's he like ? Damn it , I see a huge donor disappearing . I got ta go .
Do n't even think about it . I want my boat back . And I want to catch some fish .
I could build a shute to keep a count by the front door . - So , warning you has no effect ? - No .
We 're starting to get an unlucky feeling out here . Murph going over , the shark , a rogue wave ... Yeah , what else ?
Sorry to disappoint you . - No ... you surprised me , that 's all . Did you get my letter ?
Just you . Goddamn it , we do n't lose anybody ! Come on , lay it on .
Seeing as I got two in front of me , I do n't think so . I 'm not very observant , am I ? I got a feeling , yeah , along with a lot of other things .
Right . Dr. Goldstein , okay , what we 're doing ... No , what you 're doing is creating classes of superbugs .
There is n't a lie in the world I 'd rather hear than the truth . There she goes again , stepping out on me and breaking my heart . Even he likes me more .
You never talk to me . You never tell me what to do . Charlotte , take a good look at me .
Nah . You do n't want to do that . No .
What do you mean ? Well , let 's just say Jamie had a falling out with management . I thought you were in real estate .
I thought you could help me out . I got a Benefit coming up . One of those ... black tie worthy cause , lousy food kind of thing .
This is thousands of hours of hard labor . This , ladies and gentlemen , is software . Your training will last six weeks .
I was floating ! My mom was a great dancer too . But , you knew that .
That 's why I 'm out looking for someone to make sure that when the times ... comes , it 's a hero that performs it . I have n't found anybody yet though . I ca n't find anybody who 's even willing to attempt it .
All right . Just give me a second , okay ? Okay .
He forgot '' world peace . '' Are you saying to me that we flew 2,000 miles , on our own nickel , so you can tell me that our appointment 's been postponed ? For two weeks ?
Doing the best things so conservatively And his mother goes to meetings And she stirs the tea with councilors
Let 's not do no thoughtless thing . We ca n't talk about he fact that you 're sick ? I 'm right here , right now .
Are you trying to tell me that in all of Mt . Sinai , there is not one single ... Yeah , Sibley told me that .
I fight over billing , I fight over prescription coverage . The insurance companies are dedicated to not paying you . And the big law firms , man , they 're just waiting .
It meant nothing ! If I could be different ... I would .
What ? Am I supposed to be impressed ? I do n't know .
Those people come into our office with their roller bags and samples , like door-to-door-salesmen . They are door-to-door-salesmen , only what they 're selling grosses $ 87 billion a year ! Yeah , and they 're turning complex medical decisions
Oh , my God , I 'm so proud of you ! And the boy I fought was so tall too . - Careful , I 'm all wet .
This barbaric , cowardly murder was streamed live on the Internet . As part of the killer 's design , the more people who logged on to the site to witness the victim 's suffering , the sooner the victim died . Millions of Americans chose to visit the site believing that they were witnessing a mere hoax , a stunt or a prank .
Okay ! So , I really have mixed feelings about this . We like Jamie .
Andrew Kilburn , a sophomore at Portland State . Died last month but that did n't stop him from recommending , after he died ... How 'd he do that ?
Someday I 'd become some big deal . Sometimes the thing you most want does n't happen . And sometimes the thing you never expect to happen , does .
Zoloft has fewer side effects . I 'm sorry , who are you ? Jamie Randall .
I 'll pull out the , uh ... leather and high heels and pink underwear for you . - Leather , high heels and pink underwear . - Pink underwear .
Think slow . We should get through it just fîne. `` Low Rider , '' Donny .
You share what you 've got , and then you take it from there . Appreciate your coming in , detective . All right .
It 's so fast this time . It 's word of mouth , I guess . Because I let you keep your badge on .
So our guy 's a customer . We 're trying to get ahold of Mr. Park , see if he knows anything . We 'll do a canvass .
And how can we do it without him ? It ca n't be done , and you know it . - You guys have any skills at all ?
But remember : The car is you , you are the car . Okay ?
There you go . - I 'll type the address in again . It 's been doing that all night .
Perhaps , mmm . But you know , this is the one . Yes , yes , yes .
The way viewership increased exponentially like some sort of epidemic . Can I see the basement ? You like movies , huh ?
You sound very , very busy . - There 's only two names left . - Yeah ?
I know , Mom . That 's what makes it so darn funny . Oh , somebody 's crabby .
Somebody get me out of here ! Listen , you do n't really have to make me anything . Oh , hey , you come down here , you save my ass , it 's the least I can do .
Well , what 's he into ? - High-end tech and low-end porn . God .
You think he did it to get a press conference ? Build up his fan base ? Do n't call them fans .
/-// ost them . All right , it 's time to talk to Fuzzy again . Check this out .
Busy night for the bad guys ? - Even busier night for us . Okay .
I mean , maybe it was n't random . Maybe they know each other . - Yeah , it possible .
Oh , well , you did n't really miss much . Yeah , except Jess making out with Ryan Jensen , the cops busting up the party , and , like , everyone TP'ing Rebecca Cutter 's house . She 's right , it was pretty awesome .
All right ? You subtract it from 200 . All right ?
That was Florida . Seems like a long time ago . - Yeah , you look so relaxed and happy .
I mean , the DUFF does n't actually have to be fat or ugly . You know , like Tony Romo , he 's a Dallas Cowboy . It 's not like he rides a horse , right ?
Guess it was n't that big a deal for him though really . Was n't that big a sacrifîce , leavin ' everything he 'd ever known behind . And six years later , ai n't life grand ?
Oh , Toby . Oh , just give it to me , Toby . Oh , just a little pinch right there .
What 's the matter with you ? - Man , six years does a lot of different things to people . You know , I ...
Not likely . Do n't we just look so cute together ? Problem solved .
Now that 's a school lunch story . Copy that , circle it , write it . Nailed it .
All right . Yeah , well , you better start thinking of me for a change , all right ? Yeah , okay .
Open this door ! It 's a harmless little gas that will knock you right out . See you when you wake up .
I ca n't believe you made all this sushi . This is like restaurant-quality sushi . Like , look at this .
The only way to get over it is to face it right here , right now . See Sweater Guy over there ? I want you to walk over and get his phone number .
Bravo . I will see you all one hour before the performance tomorrow . David , would it be all right if I hang back for a while and run through it on my own ?
I ca n't ! Then that is your choice , and they both die . No , no , no , no !
I 'll take it more seriously . In fact , why do n't you sleep at home tonight ? For security reasons :
Since you ca n't seem to leave my boyfriend alone , I can not wait to release your video tomorrow . Good .
Help ! I want to offer you a choice . You have 60 seconds to decide .
Just do it . Excuse me , I ... ca n't do this . Hey , I see you have a reusable bag .
Back to work . Take a seat , Mr . Rush . That 's your third F. I do n't know what 's going on with you .
These books are from Milburn Juvenile Detention Center . These barcodes here prove that . They 're actually Codabar , an old system that they used back in the ' 70s .
Go . - Okay , I 'll tell you how it goes . - All right .
Bye-bye . Did you want to go out with me , though ? Out where ?
Oh , Dad . I know what you 're thinking . Little Fiona living all alone with a overactive reporter 's imagination .
Good times . Sheriff Wagner has no comment. `` Sources close to the investigation
# By the dawrs fuckir early light # # At the twilight 's last gleaming # Shut the fuck up !
No more tent , bugs , and shit . You 've climbed your way up the chain . Link by link .
You killed her . You killed her and made it look like a suicide . No .
I wanted you to hear it from him . Dad , can you hear me ? Go ahead and ask him .
The FP gets it . I 've waited so long for this moment . I ca n't believe the war 's over .
Oh , snap ! Oh , Jesus , let my baby win . Game :
Covenant Hospital . Show me where they found him . How bad is it ?
Hold up . BTRO ... he wasrt the first one that we lost . But he will be the last .
Dad , can you hear me ? It must have been pretty painful that this is where she had to end her life . Dad , Dad !
Hold on because -- Hold on for one second : Wait , you guys :
That last empty frame right there is reserved : for the head cheerleader who will take our place -- our next leader : Marni :
You must brush better , floss better , lather , In other words , you must be better in every Are you ready for all that ?
I 'm not exactly s -- On behalf of the administration and alumni I wan na offer you the full backing of the college : You 're our new varsity cheerleading squad :
I ca n't say what : Actually -- and , ladies , please keep this a secret , Tina told me that if I work really hard :
if they concentrate on my belly , they wo n't recognize if I mess up on Whit , you 're not gon na mess up : I 've seen your cheer skills :
Although I must report we 've had to cut funding : to some of the more non-essential programs : on campus such as the martial arts club ,
You got to think of '' Beat-Beat Revelation '' like it was the Civil War . Say what ?
And now your ass is here so you wo n't make the same mistakes as him . In order to master '' Beat-Beat '' you gots to master the four rules of the B.E.A.T .
I 'm out of here ! I need this to get home : I 'll bring it back
Put your hands on the wheel ! You know , some women would call me a gentleman . God damn , son !
Let 's go : We 've got work to do : [ Tina ] Now , Greg : !
Hi : Can you tell me how to get to -- Hi , girls :
She 's got rules against this kind of thing : And you 've got ta follow the rules : Well , do you see Tina anywhere around here ?
Suit yourself : But maybe I can come help you out , you know : I 'll have to check my '' '' sched : ''
.... [ Ends ] [ Crowd Cheering ] .... [ Dance ] .. Let 's go .. .... [ Continues ]
Not to be free , until such time as the home secretary decides that your continued detention ... is no longer necessary for the protection of the public . I do n't suppose there 's any chance for a cup of tea , is there ? Thank you very much for coming .
Good Lord , you 're right . These are n't infrared at all . They 're safelights !
Oh my God , he 's really stiff . Oh , Holly , do you have to ? - I never saw anything like this before .
That 's your big secret ? - You still do n't get it , do you ? What is it ?
`` It was really , you know , authentic . The cutlery was so dirty . '' It 's not a choice that 's made for you .
Memories , dear . A life time of memories . And a few clothes .
It 's the kind of thing they 'd do to stir up our internal dynamics . To set us against one another . If so , we 've seized back the initiative .
For weed . * .. to cry , now 's the time to find out why * I think you 're the same as me
No , it 's the flower arranging committee . I swear , it 'll be the death of her . Mrs Parker 's sudden passing came as a dreadful shock to us all , but as we well know , God does move in mysterious ways .
She 's right . We could carry him to the door and slide him out . He ejected two of us :
Spike Island . : that was the blueprint for my group . We were then gon na become the biggest band in the world .
Your American . Your golf instructor , your practise session . No , no , he did n't .
And , then , the actual reality of that ..... l ... thought were rubbish . It 's Saturday night ..... and we 're about to discover who 's got Stars In Their Eyes ! ( cheering and applause )
And God said : '' No , I do n't think so . Not the moon , there 's no atmosphere . '' Yeah , that 's funny .
And they knew their names . I do n't mind S Club Juniors , they 're all right . Better than them fuckin ' other ones .
No , sorry , he 's away . He 's on a three day convention . - It 's about the ... the flower arranging committee .
I 've studied psychology too , and reverse psychology . What better way to hide your true role in this farce than to accuse another candidate of playing your part ? I do n't know what you 're talking about .
A perfect home for a perfect family . Well , let 's hope they make us an offer . - A sense of humour .
Like what ? At their level , money ceases to be the prime motivator . It 's risk they live for .
It was n't any old college either , it was religion and philosophy . Is that where you met Walter ? - That 's where I met Walter .
We 're in a stress scenario . A confusing , time-critical situation designed to test our intelligence , and resilience . - To bring out the worst in us .
Song 2 ) I used to really enjoy going out and going to openings , ..... and going out , being in a suit one minute , ..... and being on your knees the next , looking like a tramp . And being surrounded constantly .
Up one minute , down the next . Ca n't write on this anymore , can you ? Go on , try .
At first I thought it was a taxi . Well , goodbyes are never easy , but it 's not forever , dear . Hello , it 's me .
The Manchester band Oasis ..... and their arch rivals , Blur , released new singles today , ..... each hoping to reach the number-one spot next week . The music industry has n't seen anything like it ..... since the Beatles fought it out with the Rolling Stones . The NME wanted to stoke the fires of a war between Blur and Oasis ..... and stand back and see who survived .
Your death will be explained away , OK ? No one outside this room even cares . They 've got problems of their own , like avoiding the infection themselves .
But it 's not just Mrs Martin . They 've all got their sordid little agendas . In sixty years , Mrs. Goodfellow , I have never known anything like it .
Er , he was quite strange . He gave us some wood for a bonfire once . * There 's a ...
They 're not gon na make it that easy . How hard can they afford to make it ? So has anyone figured out the answer yet ?
Yeah , we 'd better get going . Thank you for that , Walter . Vicar , sir .
And , um , that was extremely tough , ..... because , on the one hand , ..... the whole cultural phenomenon had occurred ..... under John Major 's premiership . So , in a sense , the Tories could take credit for Cool Britannia , ..... so why should Tony Blair in any way endorse it ? Um , but on the other hand , ..... Cool Britannia did seem to be ..... a harbinger of a new mood in Britain , a new optimism .
She 's on her way over . That does n't mean to say she saw anything . - Who ?
Deaf was right . We see what we want to see in here . You 're a fighter so you all can think about is being the last man standing , but they never said there was only one position available .
Oh , come in . I think this is for the best , do n't you ? `` My dearest Gloria , it was a slice of heaven to finally meet you , my dear .
Our founder is n't a businessman . - He has no interest in fame . - Too bad .
What do you make of Britain culturally at the moment ? What kind of place is this to live at the moment ? It 'd be easy to say it 's very American , ..... but I do n't think it 's quite true .
If we ca n't see it , how are we supposed to find it ? What if the question is written down ? We just ca n't see it ?
80 minutes to convince us you have what it takes to join us . 80 minutes to determine the next 80 years of your lives . Begin .
Um , ..... I worked on building sites . That fundamentally makes my soul a lot more purer than theirs . The strange thing about it ..... is that you were suddenly ...
* And all the lights that light the way are blinding * There are many things that I * Would like to say to you
Well , surely , they are obscene , though . We 're pretty open-minded in this part of the world . Oh , of course .
Not that monkey sex cult in ... Oh , please do n't tell me . That 's not where you 've been .
That woman is not gon na last the night . I think you should try it . What ?
♪ so tell me about yourself ♪ what do you like ? ♪ What are you into ?
Thanks . They get a bit possessive . - Jack , how 's it going this week ?
Last minute trip . Before law school starts up again . We were hoping she could finally have that talk with Helen .
I do n't want a good book . I have hundreds of good books . I want to read , '' she came in chains . ''
[ Giggles ] People always ask me , '' why would you want to live like a bonobo ? '' And I always say , '' well , why would n't you ? ''
Yeah , they 're all in order , thank you . The hardware is very interesting , I 'm sure , but this is n't the Dixons . Thanks .
There must be a way to persuade them that it 's more interesting to have a mysterious secret writer . Actually , it 's probably for the best . The book would have flopped anyway .
Yes . Come on , they 'll all be waiting . - I do n't have a ...
Is everything all right ? It 's fine , it 's just another cock-up with the delivery . - Wo n't happen again .
Excellente . Now I know , you do n't drink . But everybody drinks prosecco .
We 'll flip for it . Last time you ended six months inside a Paris jail . - You wan na do that again ?
Do you even know what barebacking means ? To ride a horse without a saddle , used to do that in glenskirlie too . Yeah , there 's another kind of '' barebacking . ''
Good god . Think of women eager to submit to the most rigorous sexual domination . And please do n't say , '' good god '' again .
Unfortunately , though , we could n't get the people right at the top . Some of the top boys have disappeared . What ?
Or indigestion . Or you 've got to go to work . Or to sleep .
I guess this somerset guy did n't write erotic women 's stories . No , oh , well , actually , there was '' Liza of Lambeth . '' - '' Cakes and ales . ''
The boys were a bit wary of the new guy at first . But after I saved them from getting their collars felt , I was one of the team and it felt like we 'd been working together for years .
Mom , dad said a rude word . Oh , forgive him , darling , he 's nervous about being humiliated by you . Do n't you want some superior reading matter ?
Anita , we all owe you a lot . No one has sacrificed as much as you to be here . To make this into a home .
[ Zoe on phone ] Because it 's all just gone a bit nuts . I mean , no one meant any harm , I guess we did save the pub . Oh , well , that 's impressive , then .
Where is she ? Time is of the essence . Helen 's u-cast forms are due in four weeks .
Come on , Helen . I try to avoid cutlery . You want a bite ?
You can it when you 're old enough to appreciate it , by which time you 'll probably wonder what all the fuss was about . I ca n't help wondering that anyway . Still , it wo n't hurt Zoe 's bank balance .
How long ? I 've organized for someone to help you . They 're very skillful and supportive .
When will you ask her ? Time is of the essence . Helen is off on her leadership training course on Wednesday .
the roar of ... - David , how many of these books have you read ? I 'm so sorry .
How they smear fruit over each other , and ... Did they make you participate ? Oh , yes , Celia , I had a night of passion with a man named Roberto .
Classy girls cost more than a Bacardi Breezer , Mike . So you think I can persuade her ? Yeah .
You would n't mind that , would you , Zoe ? No , but I do mind my deal . You did n't mention what you were making .
Awful boy . I do n't know what it is . They just rub me up the wrong way .
Drop the cash with him , and his mate back in the UK gives you the same amount minus his 10 % fee . It may be a little costly , but it was worth the price to keep things flowing . - What , you not staying ?
♪ so , yeah , I 'll scratch your back ♪ and you scratch mine ♪ I 'll watch your back when you walk the line
I 'm asleep . I 've just been talking to Malcolm and Eva . She does n't blame you .
♪ I 'll keep on dancing ♪ ♪ Ahh ahh ahh ♪ ♪
Not always the best policy . You need people on the side , that 's what these junkets are all about . Never burn Bridges before they 're built .
♪ ♪ Baby 's just waiting for the phone to ring ♪ Did you know that they played in here ?
I 'm gon na show you the ultimate in unfair take-downs . Now this ... is what I call '' Charlie vs Broadmoor '' ♪ ♪ When I 'm the Rock and Roll ... ♪ ♪ When I 'm the Rock and Roll ... ♪ ♪ When I 'm the Rock and Roll star ...
Where is she ? Alright , you give them a message from me . Bobby , as your friend , I 'm telling you to get as far the fuck away , as possible .
Ladies and gentlemen in ladies attire ... allow me to present my favorite nephew . Newly relieved of her majesty 's pleasure . Mickey Peterson .
♪ Anything to stay away ♪ ♪ From books and lessons today ♪ ♪
She came to us two years ago . Since then , she 's been working with these people non-stop . Who knows what effect that could have .
Nobody gives a toss about Charlton Heston , the man 's a cunt . You 're more the Charles Bronson type . Charles Bronson !
Nope , that is not for you . This is for another species . ♪ I was tongue tied ♪
What are you gon na do , you 're just gon na sit around here for the next ten years getting more tired and fed up with everything ? You say we can make records , how can we make records ? You need money to make the kind of records you wan na make .
♪ Pretty Eve in the tub ♪ ♪ Please allow me to scrub ♪ ♪ Please allow me to rub ♪
Why do you follow that couple ? - Because they looked like they had money . - Military , huh ?
And uncle Jack knew everyone . And anyone he did n't know was n't worth knowing . - In , on holiday ?
♪ When things do n't go my way I have to blow up in the face of my rival ♪ ♪ I scream and rant , I make quite an arrival ♪ ♪ The men are surprised by the language ♪
Bobby , you did n't even tell her your name ? - I 'll find the weapons , this ends . That 's my boy !
That 's right yeah . Now , you know we 've been holding these artist 's materials for you . Sent in by your cousin , Lauraine ?
I know , I buried it'cause I was dreading it , but there 's no escape . A week in Bordeaux with the family , it 's gruesome . - Hello .
No , not this one the other one , that I had when I was a child . I could n't keep everything Michael we do n't have the room . Or is my bed still in Luton ?
He 's a UK national of Saudi origin . He came to school here and had the time of his life . Screwed anything that was n't nailed down and drank his into the O.R .
The funny farm . Right Peterson , now you 've had a chance to cool down , I 'll explain the Rampton rules . Rule number 1 :
♪ ♪ They never met ♪ ♪ The singer and the swinger ♪
I recruited them , indoctrinated them . And shipped them off to the training camps . I brought them back to the UK and turned them loose .
I thought you said we were going to have some fun tonight . Ah , we are just getting to it . ♪
( Scrawns ? ) not my favorite place to visit but the staff are ready to make your stay as memorable as possible . Swell , huh ?
We should definitely fake our own deaths . Oh , excuse me , blondie , I know you . You go to the posh school ?
Does Abdullah know where they are ? No one knows where they are . They become ghosts .
Mrs. Peterson ? We 'd like to have a word with your son ... Michael .
Cha-Charlie 's actually brought something for you to have a look at now ... If you 'd , if you 'd like to ... Charlie ...
So big boy ... What does the future hold for Michael Peterson ? Ambition is the virtue of all great men .
Where is that ? - I should 've been told , Chris . - You 're right , I 'm sorry .
Andy Love . Are you a family man ? - Yeah .
Also , Dean Saunders was found on that canal stabbed to death . He too was questioned by myself and Hicock and then released . Did you know that Troy Martindale was shot in his car last night ?
Do n't you think it 's stupid just to give yourself a name just because you sing songs ? What , so the Beatles were stupid ? Well , they were kind of stupid if they actually stopped to think about it .
♪ You 've got a beautiful face ♪ ♪ It would take you places ♪ ♪ You kept running ♪
It 's unsustainable and in rapid decline . That 's why we implement demand destruction . We continue to make money , as the world burns .
Well it was fun while it lasted , eh ? Look there 's no easy way to say this , but I put a bit to one side , for me , to spend . You can have it back .
Sid Rourke 's Noel Winters ' uncle . Not looking too good there , me old son . Where 's Noel ,
To you . But if we all put our two pences together . Then we 'll have a lot of two pences wo n't we ?
Up the hill . Targets are on the move . - He 's turning left off the main .
The train stays here . An ambulance comes , takes the driver to hospital . Get another driver .
Make contact . - Do n't turn around , just walk . - Oh , fuck off you benders !
Gut wound . The slug 's probably torn right through your liver . Mate of mine in Ulster got caught in sniper fire .
A bit . So everybody sitting up nicely ? Excellent .
They jump out of this van and some of them got hold of the driver . Some of them start shifting the money . By this time rapid response has been mobilised .
`` Each integer is coloured either red , yellow or green . '' `` Show that there always exist A , B , C , '' `` such that A , B , C , . ''
The van drives off with a reckless disregard for life . Rapid response goes after it . There 's ... armed units .
Right , I brought in this picture . This is a hero of mine . Who knows who this is ?
# you must mourn , my love # Mourn with the moon and the stars up above # you must mourn
Would you like ... I should probably shoot off . Okay , no , that 's fine .
Does anyone understand it ? Sometimes they are a bit confused , until I talk to them . And then ...
Sorry . Time to meet your peers , Nathan . Mingle .
Right , look , I 'm sorry , ma'am , but ... the Super 's briefing started 15 minutes ago and we 're supposed to be there . Apologies , sir .
We 'll be lucky to get round three banks at this rate . You 'll be lucky to stay out the jail . - Go on !
Well , I just wanted to ... I wanted to cheer on Team Nathan . Go , Nathan !
The slug 's probably torn right through your liver . Mate of mine in Ulster got caught in sniper fire . The bullet blew his inside out .
He just wanted to go , Julie . I could see it in his eyes . And Tm sorry , I did n't wan na stop him .
But this little kid had stood up and ... Everybody there just got bigger . Do you understand what I 'm talking about ?
Nothing . It 's just I 'm usually the weird one . They do all seem good at maths , though .
Go ! Now it 's our turn to say goodbye to Sterling . This Christmas we are going to get the euro .
Now , before you say another word , he was using it as protection . I mean , that man , he was frightened . Terrified .
We recovered the murder weapon at the scene . It had Mr. Attwell 's fingerprints on it , as well as fibres from his coat , suggesting that the knife belonged to him . To be precise , it was an old military bayonet .
All right . We were just talking , Nathan . I was looking at Jupiter .
It 's not ours and we 're never going to spend it all . She could do good with it . We just gave her a grand and look at the trouble it caused .
Get your bags . And your book bag , Damian . Keyssss ...
No , not that . But I suppose I did n't know what you ever saw in me , anyway . I always thought you 'd wake up to the fact that I was n't the person I thought I was .
It 's all right for you , you got the best in the world to choose from . But having your niece on the team , Deng ? I mean , really ?
Or maths . I do n't like anything more than I like maths . Nathan , darling , I wish you 'd just called me .
Hey , hey . Where is Zhang Mei now ? She ...
I will be five minutes . My son , it 's his birthday . They were there .
Anyway , you can tell Lars that he 's coming for dinner next week . I 've rung Tully and invited him . I bumped into William .
Green if you need to go to the toilet . Yellow to ask a question but only in the first half-hour . And red if you 've left the gas on at home or something and you need to leave .
You treat him like a child . He 's not the first , is he ? You really have to stop being ashamed of being gay .
Me , too . I ca n't be here with people thinking I do n't deserve it . Why do n't you just stay until the end of the competition ?
He wanted to be an actor . He 'd been with Harry for a year . In fact , it was their anniversary .
You still have your phone , huh ? God be with you , my friend . Will I see my family ?
What 's the matter with you ? Have some respect for him , for his family . You got hurt , but you 're here .
`` And I 'm gon na go out of my way to make sure that you 're not happy at all. '' . '' Remarkable bird , the Norwegian Blue . Beautiful plumage .
When the bomb went off , there was a flash , and then there was lots of smoke . A lot of glass flying . There was a lot of people on the ground .
Give me this . As promised , I come bearing news . Are you sure it 's okay if I stand out here ?
Check in . I 'll be there when I have something . One more thing .
987 , 1,597 , 2,584 . I like the Fibonacci sequence , too . Invaluable for music compositions .
But I have remained strong . I am sure of my actions . Then I will not falter .
Oh , and you must make sure to invite me and Harry to your first gig at Carnegie Hall . So , Lawrence , how did you two meet ? Still met when I bought a dining table from him .
Show him the gun . We come out , we beat him , tie him , take him . You do everything like I tell you to , you understand ?
Get in ! There 's these fresh lovely flowers that they planted in the park . Some sort of mural they were making .
♪ Down in the County Kildare ♪ So be easy and free ♪ When you 're drinking with me
Look at Afghanistan , Iraq , Palestine . The list goes on and on . And you continue to ignore it .
Uh , no , believe me , I have earned it . So you 're not really into him , then . It 's not just the money .
The baby . You 're not one of us . You have n't suffered like we have .
Take this . Buy us a yacht when you get famous . Take it .
Thought I 'd stay out the way . A pity you could n't have done that a few years ago . It 's not your fault , Joseph .
You know , I 'd forgotten how provincial this place was . I stopped off at that café in Stafford Street to get a takeaway mocha . Big mistake .
Yeah , all right . It 'll be about 20 minutes , guys . So , William , tell me , how did you two lovebirds meet ?
She does n't know that you 're a bacon-eating , lager-drinking sex maniac ? John Major signed a peace treaty with Sinn Fein because the IRA 's violent actions forced him to . Gerry Adams changed from a terrorist to a politician but it was violence and legal action that forced the change .
Good . I could have bought them myself . I have some money .
* Everywhere you lead me , babe * I 'm sure that I will go * Pop goes the weasel
`` Then I 'm going to kill all his friends , his family , `` and then second generation , everybody. `` Then I 'm going to burn their house down . ''
But I 'm content , you know ? Contentment is a state of mind . Like Palestine .
Ah , yeah . Now , this is really nice . Really nice .
You 've not seen me until now . I am God 's lonely man . Your 9/ 11s , your 7/ 7s , are what my people suffer on a daily basis around the world .
He seems lost , Lord . Give him the strength to find a way . And let him know that whatever is troubling him , he can confide in you and ask for your forgiveness .
I think there 's something wrong . I do n't pay you to think . These are the wrong ones .
♪ On the ride ♪ From the nightclub to our drive ♪ All the way we sank ... ♪
You know , this gym was a very good idea . You 're doing very , very well , my friend . Very , very well .
Just tell me the truth . What happened between you and Harry ? What do you think ?
' I wanted you . 'Apart from Sam , you were the only person that smiled at me around here . 'And I wanted it .
Great . Hey , how was your morning ? What ?
Well , ought n't keep you from your ... But good to see you , Morse . Very good .
Embrace him with your love . Take away his fear of the unknown , Lord , and embrace him . Let him know he need not fear anything , Lord .
It 's Morse . I 'm in hospital with Inspector Thursday . Any luck with the outfitters ?
The tracer on the Semtex was kick-started . This will take you right to it . Who was the man I just killed ?
♪ Yeah , we 'll live ♪ To love another day ♪ We grow strong from it all
But please , what is this all about ? This is a delicate question , Mrs. Stromming , but one must ask . Yours ... is a happy marriage ?
Please pick up the phone . Can I get a gin and tonic , please ? 'Hello .
Pursuing inquiries . And who gave you leave to do that ? Did .
Would n't know about that . A lot of young girls hang around the garages , Constable . You know what they 're like at that age ...
But keep you on a leash , ah ? You know the type of Muslim I 'm talking about . He 's so ashamed of who he is .
Tried to have his way . When he could n't manage it ... She 'd been pregnant at some point within the last six months .
And that soldier ? I mean , he was just a reserve . My friend .
More or less . And how on earth does a Greats man end up a detective ? Wonder myself .
I 'm ready to go out there and do it . This is the moment that everybody in the stadium , everybody all over the country has been waiting for . Trix Warren goes head to head with the world 's very best sprinters .
Was in The Bird till closing . When got back , thought he already turned in . Did you know he owned a gun ?
Darius took a shot at it . That 's why the cavalry arrived . Was your son there ?
Let 's keep it simple . I do n't want anything fancy . And I definitely do n't want anything between you two , understand me ?
He 's put in the puzzle , like he said . Mary Tremlett goes there , Stromming never turns up . Then why does n't she go home ?
Do n't say anything . To me , the cops , the press . Anybody , all right ?
Yeah , all right . Okay , girls , I want to practise your block starts . So , we 'll run for 10 metres and then we come back and do it again , okay ?
Got McLeash to check all ten possibilities . FLAxman 1788 is the number of the London home of Sir Richard Lovell , Minister for Overseas Affairs , and constituency MP for Oxford North .
The best that you can do is to agree with him . Give him what he wants and what his poor family deserves . A guilty verdict .
You were 12 hours out . It was n't 8 : 16 Saturday night Mary Tremlett was killed .
I really do n't know . And the last question- and it 's more of a favor , really- can you get me in to talk to Darius ? Why ?
David 's right . She 's an embarrassment to the team . No , she 's our fastest runner .
We 're still going round with a dustpan and brush after Cliveden . This is a murder inquiry . And hope you catch him .
Okay , this is yours . I have spent my whole life trying to please you . This is my time now .
We sang together in the choir for a bit . When did you see him last ? Yesterday , at college .
Collected my things and headed home about half past . Anyway , just passed the left turn to Glympton , and there she was , waiting at the bus stop . What time was this ?
Exactly . World Champs , here we come . Go on , then .
Well , hope by the time I 'm finished , I 'll have cost you a great deal more . Mary Tremlett was a regular attendee at your parties .
Dr. Hill . I 've got the files and tapes you wanted . I do n't know nothing about it .
`` It is believed extra officers from Carshall Newtown are being drafted in to assist in the search . '' Well , that 's us , that is . Here , what 's this heard you tried to get yourself taken off the inquiry ?
What Darius did proves it . Oh , the crime proves he has PTSD ? But PTSD excuses him from committing the crime .
Takes her back to Bagley Wood . Miles Percival was still in love with her , sir . Mean , there 's no way that he could harm Mary Tremlett .
I know this might be a silly question , but how did he actually die ? Complete circulatory collapse due to snake venom . How many bites ?
Trix Warren goes head to head with the world 's very best sprinters . La Toya of the United States and Grant of Jamaica could be her main opposition . Can she get the medal she 's never won in the past ?
We 're athletes . - We were n't meant to be sitting down . - All right !
Going into the back straight . This is the long leg . What a difference a day makes here for Great Britain
How come you got wounded ? Maybe I shot myself in the foot . Amare , if you know something that can help Darius , you better tell me .
Give me your number ! ♪ This story 's dark Like the place where this story starts ♪ Full of fiends and gangsters With gory hearts
Please . She 's the least of my problems right now . Girl , you 're trying way too hard .
I 'm not . I swear to God I 'm not . I 'm not .
No . Not even if Darius wanted it ? Darius .
Listen , girl , if there 's one person you do not say '' no '' to , it 's a cripple that has just blown her last shot at her dream . What , you think I 'm guilt tripping you ? Hell , yes , I 'm guilt tripping you .
I quit the relay and I just want to focus on my solo thing . Come on , I 'll put the kettle on . It 's pathetic , innit ?
That 's one for the philosophers , Dr. Hill . So , of course , I ca n't comment . But I do look forward to reading your report .
You 're the mystery man . Put them down now , Mr. Decosio . Put it down !
Shania Andrews is right between Harris of the United States and Anderson of Jamaica . - Set .
That 's not the real mum ! Where is the real mum , hm ? - Where 's the real mum , bruv ?
You need to keep your times consistent if you want a medal . I beat Lisa Temple in a race today . Did you see my time ?
Are you okay ? I 'm just cooling off the ... Ohh .
Piss off . But you stayed on , you got shipped back to England , and you raped Samantha Powers . - I said piss off .
Basically , a bit of a ... Ed should never have sold you the baby . I did n't want to , but when I came down here , I did n't know this was gon na happen .
Mickey . Do I know you from somewhere , Mickey ? Yeah , you do .
My turn . Time to check the goods . Well , well , well .
♪ As for Jake He 's already made his decision ♪ Now he 's just another poster boy For David Cameron 's Broken Britain ♪ Shut up !
♪ And you can pay the price for livin ' in the street life ♪ ♪ Fear the guns and knives , but now I know it 's my time ♪ ♪ Start a fight and ... ♪
Who set this up ? There 's no nice way of saying this , Don , so I 'll just say it . It was one of your own .
you know my Dad , do n't you ? i 've found some cigarettes , that belonged to my Dad once i was probably about half your age i took one and i smoked it in the toilet upstairs
So , why do you stay ? Where I come from , girls are taught not to question . No knight in shining armor ?
you know what she did to him ? no , no , i do n't know anything one of the other girls went her , honest where are they now ? i dunno , i thought they 'd still be there well , they 're not
Next week 's no good , man . You remember what we said ? There 's been a change of plan .
Do it quietly . Everyone comes to Don 's party . Mickey , Mickey , Mickey .
what do you mean ? i mean is there someon who takes care of you , out in the street , in case you get into any trouble No , I look after myself
I need her for tonigh Kelly i want these fags- what ? well i got none .. - well take them then , allright ? want some credit for my phone and all
Derek she 's been out a couple of nights where you been staying ? she 's just asked me all that How old are you ?
do you wan na help me out ? where have i got to go ? Kelly will take you look , take that now , you can go pay for the food , while i have a chat with Kelly , allright ?
do you believe me ? come on , do you beleive me ? yeah right good , so get in there and fuck'em for me
♪ Your love ... ♪ Happy days are here again . I do n't see you that much anymore .
♪ Lawdy , lawdy , lawdy , Miss Clawdy ♪ I have n't seen natural daylight since May of ' 99 . Well , time flies .
Look , some big gun from North London wants a meet with Don . They both want Frankie Stubbs out of the picture . It 'll make us millions .
Inside pocket . All right , let him go . So , we 're all friends again , then ?
No . It 's that superstition , ai n't it ? Every away Cup tie ...
How old are you ? - Nearly 12 do you want something else ? some ice cream or something
I 'd like to thank my guests ... Brian Clough and Don Revie , the England manager . Thank you , Austin .
YOU STILL FANCY HIM . HE DID LOOK GOOD , DID N'T HE ? - SO ?
Of course it 's our strongest side , it 's Leeds United . Would you prefer I send out the apprentices ? We 're at Juventus midweek , semi- final of the European Cup .
HAPPY BIRTHDAY , TIM . MAY YOU HAVE MANY , MANY MORE . All :
DO N'T SAY THAT . COME ON , LET 'S GO BACK , WE 'RE NEVER GOING TO FIND HIM . I 'D RATHER GO OUT AND KEEP LOOKING THAN WAIT FOR HIM TO FIND US .
DAMIEN IS NOW POSSESSED , AND IS DETERMINED TO KILL US . AND THERE 'S NO WAY OF KILLING HIM , BECAUSE THEN WE WILL BECOME HIM . I KNOW IT 'S NOT EXACTLY MEDICAL , BUT ...
I 'M TELLING YOU , THEY 'RE BACK AT THE LAST TURN . HOW WOULD YOU HAVE ANY CLUE ? AS IF YOU HAVE AN IDEA YOURSELF .
JUST WATCH ME . YOU -- YOU CA N'T KILL HIM . CAN YOU ?
WE 'VE GOT TO HOLD HIM ! WE CA N'T KEEP THIS GOING . GO GET SOMETHING TO BLOCK THE DOOR .
Had the reserves playing the Rangers ' way . The first team looking out for this and that . Bollocks to Don Revie !
STAY AWAY , DAMIEN , STAY AWAY ! JUST IN CASE SOMETHING HAPPENS TO ME . JESUS CHRIST !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY , TIM . WELL , AS HOST , IT 'S MY DUTY TO RESPOND TO THE TOAST . AND I THINK AT THIS JUNCTURE IT 'S APPROPRIATE TO END AS IT ALL BEGAN ,
A matter of principle , I always shake the other manager 's hand . No , you shook Peter Taylor 's hand and me trainer , Jimmy Gordon 's . - I probably did n't see you .
A minute afterwards , watch as Bremner ... appears to pat him with his left hand . That right hand in the kidneys . And then down on the floor , for no reason whatsoever .
EVERYTHING 'S GONE NOW . YOU SPARED MY LIFE TO TAKE THEIRS , AND LEFT ME ALONE .
THEY 'LL BE FINE . ANDY CAN LOOK AFTER THEM . PLUS LAURA CAN LOOK AFTER ANDY ANY DAY .
WE DO N'T KNOW WHAT IT IS . WE DO N'T KNOW WHAT WE SAW . - THEY 'RE NOT THE ONES KILLING EVERYONE .
JUST DROP IT . WHAT ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED TO TIM ? I DO N'T KNOW .
No , Brian . No one scouts players like you , Pete . You 're the best .
I KNOW ? SO WHAT WERE YOU GOING TO SAY ? TOM 'S A GOOD GUY .
DO YOU THINK IT 'S THE STORM ? NO , ALL THE LIGHTS WOULD BE OUT . HE MUST 'VE CUT THE FUSE .
They have the biggest night in the club 's history coming up in Turin ... in only 4 days ' time . The semi- final of the European Cup against Juventus . But first today , they 've got quite a tricky challenge .
WHAT IS IT ? THIS HAD BETTER BE GOOD. `` I HAVE RETURNED . ''
AND IF LAURA 'S RIGHT , THEN KILLING HIM WILL ONLY CONTINUE IT ALL . HOW DO WE KNOW WE WO N'T BECOME POSSESSED IF HE TOUCHES US ? WELL , TIM PUSHED YOU ASIDE AND NOTHING HAPPENED .
Leeds , one would imagine , will have revenge on their mind . Get me today 's team sheet , could you , Joe ? There 's always been a strong , some might say unhealthy ... rivalry between the 2 teams ... and the managers in particular .
I split up with my husband . You know , I ended up in a women 's hostel . My addiction got worse .
This thing that takes over . Destroys everything that 's good in your life . Please , Brian .
In the back of my head he was a client , but he was n't , if you know what I mean . It was different , you know . He was a sugar daddy , for want of a better term .
John Cundy reporting . More than 100 mourners attended ... Embroidered it a little bit , did n't they ?
He 's old as bloody time . But , oh , he 's clever , Brian . Keeps the ball well , passes it better than anyone alive .
`` Club 's in debt . '' Having said that , Derby had moments . They played some football .
If you knew you were looking for drugs and you were going out , why did n't you ? Because I 'd lent her $ 20 that day and I always think to myself , if I had n't had lent her the $ 20 ... But it 's like the policeman said ,
But we hate Leeds . It 's the top flight , Pete . It 's the First Division .
I think you 're quite right . I think I should move out permanently , if that 's all right with you . But I do want to help with the boys .
J * I 'm only human ... So , erm ... you tell her ? Tell her what ?
Why ? - Because I want to know . - I dunno .
They 're 50-summat . Me and Andrea went out for about , how ? Six years .
Yeah , but listen . Let 's ... play this down , OK ? I mean , I want to help them , not ...
I 'd be in , I 'd be in total meltdown . I would n't be able to speak to anybody for crying . And she just walked in normal , smiling and ...
They knew what you were doing , where you were going , who you were ringing . If I bought tinfoil , my Auntie Pamela would know about it within five minutes . I used to have to get other people to go in the shop for me and stuff .
`` I 'd show some people getting their lives together with a lot of courage and determination , but it would also show others going down a big steep hill into a big black hole . '' ( Lorraine ) Today , I do every day clean and sober . If I ever felt like using , then I 'd only have to think of the consequence of losing him and that 's more than enough to keep me clean .
Max Stafford-Clark is directing the play , Andrea 's first , as part of the Young People 's Theatre Festival . Well , I 'd just become Artistic Director of The Royal Court . So I read the plays submitted to the Young Writers ' Festival , and one outstanding one was in fact
What 's it look like I 'm doing ? I 'm finishing off the job . No , I 'm sorry , that 's it .
`` To Summersby House , which has been such a home from home to me , I bequeath £ 243,000 , and the remainder of my estate . And this includes a substantial portfolio of shares , the value of which is still being calculated since the investments were made some time ago .
And that prize cock is me . I want the money , Jimmy . I 'm gon na give you a week to get it .
Now , I know Gerry knocks a little bit back from what all of us girls earn to you . But the thing is , Eddie , he 's taking a liberty with the free samples . Now I do n't mind giving it , hell , you know that .
I 've been thinking . It 's nearly your 16th birthday , is n't it ? - Yeah .
Come here , darling . She told me about your plan this morning . - My plan ?
Kirsty , we ca n't leave them on their own . Do n't call anyone , will you ? They 're all right .
I 'm feeling a little jealous . Your wish is my command , Jimmy . You 're lovely .
She 's had a stroke . Do you know what hospital they 've taken her to ? They 're not moving her anywhere , William .
It 's then I realise why they get called '' coppers '' . Because copper is one metal that is easily bent . And once upon a time ...
An idiot could do your job , am I right ? And you would never get a girl like this in London , that 's for sure . Porsche ?
OK . I think I need to break the news to the girls now , so ... Yes .
Messed up by me , cos I ca n't say no. `` Do you want to go to university and read Business Studies , William ? '' '' No '' What do I go and do ?
Yeah , William . I 'm just talking to Rick . In here .
J * Come to me in my dreams of long ago ... You did n't tell me he could er ... I mean , he can really play .
I 've got this young girl I want you to have a look at . J * How is everything in heaven ? - There 's a lot of social problems .
Treat me like a king , Eddie . As though it was my last night on Earth . Of course .
Oh , I like Clare . - She wants you to come for another visit . - Yeah .
I do n't need a response to what I said earlier . I 'm just glad you 're here . ( Piano plays )
Come on then , let 's do the rounds . Good day to make money . I nod and smile in all the right places .
You work for the trip . If they paid , get your freedom and your family . If your problems makes I will kill your wife .
Sick bastard . God , I wish he 'd die Slowly . Why do n't we just tie something to his legs , throw him off the pier ?
Is that what you want ? What you need is an organization like mine , in this country . That 's what you need .
These are our jobs . They can not make panels . You really think someone will verify that ?
Back ? - They wanted to kill Bob . They had us all slain , as they could .
And that 's run by the esteemed surgeon Doctor Robert Knox . Now some say that he 's the finest surgeon in all of Scotland . All I can say about Doctor Knox is that he dresses well .
On one side of the city , you have Barclay 's School of Anatomy , And that 's run by the esteemed surgeon Doctor Robert Knox . Now some say that he 's the finest surgeon in all of Scotland .
As for the rest of them ... The Doctor ended up in the New World . After all , anything goes over there .
So I 'd have to kill you now , is that ? You get no second chance . - Not likely .
You could have fooled me . I mean , look at the state of them . The only people round here looking to be enlightened are the medical students .
That bitch makes problems . I need to run a club . Why ?
As for our French friend here , he also became a minor celebrity . He returned to Paris and continued his work . Allez , allez , allez .
That volume contains evidence of foul play . I do n't know what this absurd little man is trying to prove , but he 's making a mockery of our profession . I want him removed .
I have an idea . Let me out , this is not funny . Passengers are not insured .
Within every cloud , there 's a silver lining . Where 's the money you owe us , Mr. Hare ? !
Today I think I shall commence by removing the top of the cranium . It will certainly give the freshmen something to write home about . And on the other side of the city ... you 've got Scotland 's Royal College of Surgeons .
I did not want war . I just want my daughter back . Call the police , but still .
And they are dead . We can not exchange it for Julie . - He does not know that they are dead .
Zn GPS is on . He rides on the 61 , to the north . Ask who they are .
Do not do this . I do not know you well , huh ? You must be calm .
It would be a pity to sully them with a scandal such as a high-profile murder trial . Especially a murder trial that might compromise the reputations of our esteemed teaching hospitals . You 're surely not suggesting that I let these two men go free ?
Let them get the discount . We start our own business . - Why not ?
The Lord Provost and I are very interested to know how we 're doing on this case . Well , at present , I have Mr. Burke and Mr. Hare under lock and key . They 're not admitting anything , but I 'm sure by the time
Uh , straighten him out . I 'm sure he wo n't complain . - Sir ?
Follow me . Why do they steal toilets these days ? What will they do with it ?
And I would like to think that I could offer you the counsel of a wiser head . Taking what is n't yours could lead to very serious consequences . If I was you , Jasper Black , I 'd take solace in the antics of love-rat vicars , or whatever it is you write about , rather than things of which you know nothing .
Macbeth . If I stand here , I saw him ! Fie , for shame !
And this is n't what I had in my mind at all . Do n't take this the wrong way , but if we wait around till we knew what you had in mind , we 'd be here all day , and my husband and boy would be home , and my husband would kick your teeth in . Fair enough .
'But if you murdered life that day , then I murdered love . 'And now I have to live without it . ' Recently , Terrence , I 've found myself imagining you and me together .
'And there 's the whistle to get us underway . 'Looking around this magnificent stadium , 'you can really sense the feeling of excitement now . 'We 've been looking forward to this game for a long time ... '
'They say you believe in paradise . 'My husband and my boy did n't believe in paradise . 'They believed in Arsenal Football Club and it took you to destroy it .
Yeah . 'It 's funny what we choose to believe in , Osama . 'They say you believe in paradise .
' I prayed for the death toll to go up to 1,004 and take me , too . 'They told me at the hospital to write down my pain in a letter . ' I do n't know if revenge is what they had in mind . '
So , where have you been today ? I 've been to meet my Dad . ' I 've been to meet my Dad . '
There he is . Five , four , three , two , one . Go !
I must find out where I can get one . 'There 's a lot of things we got in common these days , Osama . 'Betrayal is one of them .
And the sun 's pouring through the window and we 're lying in bed ... and we 're miles from London . And you can see those little specks of dust glowing in the air above us . And it 's very quiet and still .
We 'd a mole in a terrorist cell and they 'd been planning an attack on Whitehall . A chemical explosion a hundred times worse than May Day . That 's what we were working towards , but our mole got a message to us an hour before about the bomb at the stadium .
'My husband and my boy did n't believe in paradise . 'They believed in Arsenal Football Club and it took you to destroy it . 'To make me realise that paradise was a grey day , 'on an English beach with my boy . '
Becky 's cousin . There 's no reason you should . I was two years younger and you was a cunt .
I do n't fucking know where she is . I do n't care where she is . Forget this .
That 's why you did n't want to let me look at him . I did n't know nothing about this . All right , look ...
I got some little youts looking for him as well . - Which way we going , man ? It 's that way .
If you was gon na do something to a bre , I think you 'd use a baseball bat . - Low it , man .
See , you 're just like me , man . - No , I 'm nothing like you . You ai n't a killer , blood .
All right , I love you , too . - Hey , Chris , have you seen Jason ? - What ?
Wait . - I 've never been so insulted in my life . Sir , if you could just give us a minute .
I 'm gon na have to live with that too . But I will get another chance . And when I do ...
Egg whites and oatmeal will be fine . And do n't forget the grapefruit juice . - And grapefruit juice ?
I 'll be god damned if that coward lay one more hand on me . And if you see him , tell him to come around here one more time . I 'm gon na cut his motherfucking dick off , you heard me ?
My father was a computer whiz . And he came up with this great software , sold it to the government . It was top secret .
The difference is , I like it here because this is my yard . You like it here ' cause it 's an opportunity for you to suck dick ! Once a loser ... always a loser .
I just lost myself for a second . You do n't have to apologize for doing what you feel . It was good .
WOMAN : At 14 , James already has convictions for robbery , vandalism , and assault . He 's been institutionalized three times in eight years , once for threatening your boyfriend with a knife .
Hello . Yeah , I have a morning meeting . Showing the Jones apartment .
I got a little money , come on . Do you know how to play this ? WESLEY :
Come on ! I got a little money , come on . Do you know how to play this ?
♪ ♪ Well , she wanted all ♪ The feelings they got so strong ♪
♪ So who 's there to impress ♪ A crowd full of performers lining up in front of me ♪ ♪ Open mic signing up in front of me ♪
Hi . Can I take you to lunch ? Uh ...
Beautiful , is n't it ? Anyone ever tell you guys you look like sisters ? We are .
It 's broken . So where are we going on this big date tonight ? Hey , baby .
What 's sad ? It means nobody 's ever told you the truth ... - No , I beg to differ .
A real Ferrari . Now , why do I sense you 're a bad girl ? What ?
FAT ASS MANAGER : What do you see here , man ? Is this a fucking game of cops and robbers ?
No , I have n't . - You should try the Petrie House . - They take women and kids .
I got a business to run . I can run this company . Oh , you do n't think I can run the business ?
He found me . He 's got my home phone number . Um , I do n't know how he could have got that , Cath .
I do n't know . I 've never seen her before . ( WHISPERS ) Mother , you never see the help .
Or in the next five minutes ? You think about it sometimes ? Maybe having a coffee , or a screw .
Do n't know where you are . I 'll find you , so help me God ... I never would have pegged you for a farm girl .
Yeah , man , this is Walt Deeds . Listen , I need a tow truck in the parking lot . Some lady parked in my brother 's spot .
What , now ? Or in the next five minutes ? You think about it sometimes ?
Do n't do this . - How will we get to school ? There 's a subway four blocks from the house .
I just wanted to hear your voice . And tell you Have you more than anything in this world . I love you too , Papa .
It was an accident . You got ta get a second serve . Frank .
Just screw him already , okay ? This is the best thing you 've ever done . It 's a fresh start in a sick-ass city .
Um , I do n't know how he could have got that , Cath . Um , um , just call me back , okay ? Bye .
Good . I 'd appreciate it if you did n't tell him about things like Richard . My father told me you called him .
My car 's around here somewhere . I 'll go get my keys from inside . - Come on !
Oh , it happens , I 'm sure , more than we know . Bernard , have you ever done anything like this ? I 'm not going to answer that .
Thank you , Peter , for saving my life . Letting you die was never an option . Come on .
Mason . I ca n't believe you still got the same phone number . How 's it going ?
Yeah , just one clean tooth . That 's all they need to make a positive I.D . No .
If I do n't turn up , go to the Dutch embassy . Identify yourself and tell them everything . - Ask for asylum .
Good game . It 's hard to beat your father . Hey !
Just be who you want . You know what I mean ? For being such a jerk to you when you woke up today .
I hope you know that ! The thing is , I like it this way . Thank you .
I do n't know what I can say to you . You things in a way that I do n't wan na hear them . I know , Chicken .
You 're calling me a bitch ? No , do n't you remember the last line of Godard 's À bout de souffle ? Belmondo calls Seberg a bitch .
And Mom found some stuff he was hiding . Mom got real mad and started crying a lot . That 's when they found her up in her bedroom .
There is a man outside by the water . He says he knows you . That 's it ?
Bernard ? I was wondering if you knew of any apartments . I 'm being kicked out of my sublet .
That was fast. `` Ta , ta , ta . '' What is that ? `` They put that shit on us .
I feel like I 'm ... I feel like I 'm full of ... - Gaps ?
These guys always talk a big game , but at the end of the day they 're mostly men who just like the sound of their own voices . You want your story and your Pulitzer Prize ? You have n't seen what they 're like when they come to us .
No , I 'm a philistine . When am I going to meet the famous Sophie ? I do n't know .
Are you all right ? What happened to you at the restaurant ? I decided to tell you everything I know about Arkady Federov .
A whole facility built during the first wave of Big Science outdated but allowed to continue pretending that you 're important . - I feel sorry for you . It 's pathetic .
Four or five . No more than six blocks . And what about the cat ?
Can you not talk about me like I 'm not in the car ? Haley , you do n't have to come along . No , I wan na meet this asshole .
Bus to Novi Sad , nine a.m. Bring her in . Jones , you go with him . You misjudged the kid .
Why ... Why are you wearing that suit ? We 're not 100 % certain about what we 're dealing with here .
There is a call for you in the office . They say your cell phone is not working . - This way .
What do you think ? We 're not gon na know by sitting in the car . Come on , let 's go .
He 's always early to get you . And late to bring you back . - I wish I could come with you guys .
Mira can destroy Weinstein . That 's why he had Mason kill Natalia . That 's why he 's going after Mira .
Nic . I need you to calm down . Nic .
Eight a.m. Where they play chess ? You bring me Mira , I 'll give you your daughter . You 're a weapon , Mason .
Used to ? Probably thinks he still does . Yeah , he 's arrogant , confident he 'll evade .
Get out of my house . - You know I meant it . Now !
What will you do ? Oh , I 'm protesting the leash laws in Prospect Park . Change of subject .
Did I say something wrong ? Have you ever been with a natural woman ? I do not know what that means .
It 's stuck at 12 : 30 . Nic , it 's a broken clock . Thank you for bringing it to my attention .
Thank you . Where Winston Churchill have had many good times . Everything is as you specified , monsieur .
Let 's go . Now , see , this is the Nicholas Eastman I love . You know , just determined , ruthless , competitive .
Will your new family pay university , rent and food ? Say something to your son , then ! Stay here .
With you ? For a whole week just enjoying myself ? No , I definitely could n't do that .
Seven out of ten have had intercourse . Four out of ten use drugs . One in ten is gay .
Hey . Yeah , I found a map , but there 's not much information on it. `` You are here . ''
Money 's on the bar . Do n't spend it all in one place . Tony !
It has not . She is just starting in the ninth . And it 's Cleopatra .
I know . I do n't have an appointment , but I have to talk to you right now . Rita , Rita , this is Mr. Loomis .
I ca n't , dude . What do you mean , you ca n't ? I just ca n't right now .
With goggles ? Okay , I 'm gon na show you how to get there . Okay ?
I thought it would be different here . Different than all the other I have tried . But it 's the same story over again .
[ no audio ] Tommy , I need the washcloth . - [ Tommy squeals ]
Some of my colleagues thought that you were too young . And your mother said that you have some social problems . - If you want to talk about ...
All within the span of less than an hour ? [ Caroline ] Well , a few hours , but , yeah . - Okay .
I 'll go with dessert . The boy in there know nothing . You get him enough to feel special .
What about arts and crafts ? There is a fine university , is not a summer camp . Here it is .
I do n't want to let the dogs out . Telegram for Mr. Harry Witherspoon . Telegram ?
She does . - We were looking for the video . And , uh , we looked at all her keys , and we identified every one , except that one .
You are polite for your own sake . Not mine , the trebrystede berta . Archimedes sat in the bath when he saw the light .
May I suggest the trout today ? Nothing for me , thanks , but my uncle here will have ... Some escargot , the coq au vin and a bottle of Margot .
No , then . I said '' better than sex '' . Not '' prelude to sex . ''
Good of you to come . Oh , do , please , sit down , since I 'd like to discuss a certain matter . Do sit down .
I think it 's very prudent . I think you could get this ... - [ Hobbs ] Every single ...
You are the mother . Let me ask you from one mother to another ... If you saw your baby on the way downhill cliff , would you stop it ?
And when I ... '' [ Simon ] The last thing he said . The last thing he said was , '' Unless you want to give me a blow job . ''
Riza pizza ! Boy , you still look lousy in glasses . Who are you ?
But you mean it quite well , and I know you 've done a lot for me . So I try realy just to say thanks . - I 'd call you .
I have no sense of humor . And I 'm not fun to be around in the morning . This is perfect .
Uh , they did ; just no envelopes . Look , Joe , just ... just because we 're not dating does n't mean that I do n't care about you at all . We did n't even know if you were dead or not .
I got the click . When I was in high school , I got a job as a busboy at this place in the Village ,
I come home , it 's 5 : 00 in the morning . Poor Luigi laying there dead . He whispered ...
I had a life . It 's not much , but at least I knew what to expect . Sorry , but you got the wrong man .
Have too many lovers trampled on your heart ? May I have a blue spotlight please ? - May I get you something , mademoiselle ?
Does anyone actually read the newspaper anymore ? Well , I have a few fans of the print edition . 'm told they Twitter at me .
Which one ? The one who took Uncle and left the sheets . There 's more than one insane maid around here ?
What brings you to the party ? [ woman ] My boyfriend , Charlie 's bank , does some kind of business with the company that I guess just bought your paper . You all work for Hobbs now , I guess .
Come back to bed . You want your breakfast in bed ? Can I see the menu ?
We 're done here , and for the record , your wontons are way too big . Nobody can fucking eat those . No , I can eat them ;
It was , uh , taken last year , in the waning moments of my youth . Right before they retired the film camera ? - Wow .
I just found a copperhead skin two hours ago . I read once that animals see fear as a color . I thought you ca n't read .
Now , listen , Annelle , my ladies only get the best . I 've never lost a client to the Kut and Kurl or the Beauty Box . You know why ?
M'LYNN : Clairee over here telling us about accent lighting . I love mine .
I 'll take its life . Strike it at its neck . Do n't compromise the meat .
Oh , no , no . Simon made me promise not to give it to anyone . No , no , you keep billing the firm .
Frank is not my real father . I love him , and I owe him a lot . You know , he 's very special to me , but he 's not my blood .
Please . ( inhales sharply ) Okay , I would . Totally would , but ...
That 's ridiculous ! Willy , stay here with me . What could you possibly gain by kidnapping your kid ... in the middle of a custody hearing ?
Daddy 's coming today . We 're going to open my birthday presents . You must be so excited .
Then why grow them ? Because I 'm an old Southern lady , and we 're supposed to put on funny-Iooking hats and grow vegetables in the dirt . I do n't make the rules , Annelle .
You see those wontons , Gary ? - You see the size of them ? - Mm-hmm .
Come on , over here . Annie said Lucy 's coming up the stairs right now . So you have to assume the surprise position .
You do n't have to give me all of them . You know , I try not to eat healthy food if I can help it . The sooner this body wears out , the better off I'II be .
M'LYNN : You and Spud are n't fighting anymore ? He 'd have to get up off the couch first .
So close to me ? Yeah , because I wanted to be close . I wanted to be closer to you ... so I live here in that apartment .
( sighs ) Let 's go , man . We got a long walk home . ( cell phone ringtone playing )
just peace . I realize , as a mother , how lucky I was . I was there when this wonderful person drifted into this world , and I was there when she drifted out .
Just the beginning . ¡ ° ' Green Eggs and Ham '' by Dr. Seuss . There are four stages of a butterfly 's life .
When you get up here , you can see a field of bison majestically grazing . Ooh , get your weapon ready . - Yeah .
Yeah , I decided on the format of Denzel Washington : a black first name , followed by a state . Yeah , fuck that .
It frames your face per ... Okay , okay , okay , okay , I get it . I 'm a convert , okay .
Coming up : Could caffeine lead to longer , stronger ... Sure .
I wish I had a mother like that . She must have been smart . She had great instincts .
Oh , I 'm not so sure about that . Yep , yeah , every family has its issues . But Belle and I want to expose ourselves to a little bit more culture that 's not easy to come by in this neck of the woods , so we 're thinking about a theater trip to New York ... ( TOILET FLUSHING ) ... and , Ouiser , you should come .
Your teacher gave you A really hard book this time . That 's really A hard book to read . ¡ ° ' How can we be so ... ''
A man ca n't help his blood type . I did n't ask Shelby to have a baby . M'Lynn ?
Whoa . Mrs. Keenan , I assure you , there is no other agenda than to find your son right now . No .
I 'm losing you . What makes Sam a good father ? The important thing is for Sam to be a very good father ... is to be there for her ... because the smarter Lucy is , the smarter she will get .
( line ringing ) Oh , shit , he 's doing it . Joe !
* What was it that you stole ? [ Music distorts in dreamlike way ] ( Kim Gordon ) * You 're a stranger .
* ( Woman ) * The fast guys , * tattoos . * motor bikes .
Yeah , and Harrison like George . Is she going to help us ? She ca n't help us ... but if she ever finds her friend 's number ... does this kind of cases , she 's gon na call me .
Amen . So Barbara could n't come tonight ? No , she had this family thing tonight .
Let me rephrase the question . - When your son O.D . ' d -- - objection .
Oh , um ... Who were you visiting in prison ? My brother , Dan .
Yeah ? Can I come over when you 're done ? - You wan na come to my place ?
Yeah , well , I lived in the East Village . I do n't need a lot of room . Because I make things -- everything is too hard on everybody .
* Ca n't explain , and I ca n't stay . * * Please just make it go away . * [ Audience cheers ]
It 's not like I 'm cheating on her . I do n't do it when she 's around . And everything 's fine .
Dan ? If you do n't stop doing this , I 'm going to call the cops . You do , and I 'll kill you .
Our concern is what happens when Lucy turns 8 . Mr. Dawson , do you understand ... what Ms. Wright is trying to tell you about Lucy ? John wanted to try new things .
You just got ta cum into the fucking condom . So , you tell me , which looks better ? This ?
But did I tell you , actually , About the time that he and I went to Vegas , And we were at the Sands ...
You know , that I -- in her room that I made for her . Because I tried to make a really nice room for her . But I was afraid she 'd wake up at our house ... and want to come home .
* I just wanted to play something for you . All right .
OK , try again . You say you will find her a tutor . Then I say , '' ' How will you pay for it ? ''
Miss mcgrale , would you come to the podium , please ? Miss mcgrale , I said please approach the podium . ( Sherry ) Yes , Your Honor .
Then , once I 'm getting into it , I start looking for a video . I never actually touch my cock till I find the right clip .
What do you make of that ? [ Tape playing ] * Shadows breaking over my head . * I think I feel real connected to you .
Annie . - That was her first word . - Annie .
You ca n't stop . - How often do you watch it ? - What the fuck do you care ?
No , no . Hold ' em hard , both of ' em . Do n't let me up , even if I try to fight .
Because when Lucy comes through the door ... everybody says , '' surprise ! '' You got ta stop bouncing for a second . You 'll say , '' surprise ! ''
Excuse me . - Dad , I 'm asking you nicely . To not call you a kid ?
Yeah . Actually , I think I 'm going to go home now . Bullshit .
And then I got the job . It was an hourly wage . And he sent me on the boats with 10,000 bucks for eight-hour shifts .
The kids she ai n't never gon na have , Because that rape left her sterile . Did you know that ?
Did it get on the upholstery ? I do n't even know how to clean this . Ah , fucking A .
* I 'm so glad you came . You leaving ?
Owen . What makes you think that this is a one-pager , Pete ? Lulu believes that there is a fascinating kick-ass study
Forgive me , Father , for I have sinned . It has been one week since my last confession . Tell me your sins .
Indeed . What Narcissism Means to Me ? When did you start reading a book of poetry ?
You pick one you wan na keep and I 'll pick the other . One for you , one for me . That 's fair , is n't it ?
That 's right . When we started , you said seven . Faster , faster , faster .
You know that ? For God 's sake , he 's your son ! You love this girl ?
No ! - You take the fucking things off , man ! No , man .
Here 's Dave . We can find out from the source . I kind of feel , like , bad that I know , because how 's she gon na walk in here ?
Well , I thought it was on with old crop top . - No , that girl was annoying . - She was tight though .
What 's that mean ? It means , sometimes , I do favors for people . And sometimes , in return , they give me gifts .
I would like you to meet Barbara . Baby , this is my dad . - Hi , Mr. Martello .
The stench is so bad , it 'll make you puke . They 've got these rats , they 're the size of a big old fat cat . Come on in , I 'll show you the dog .
The nice one ? Her name was Marie gotteskind . She was killed by the same two men that got Carrie .
Come on . Here it comes , here it comes . - Come on , come on .
Still a lot of money . It 's a lot of money . But then what ?
How do I get in ? Helps if they know you . What if you come with me ?
It 's fine . - Yeah , that 's right , that 's right . - We all done ?
No ! 'Cause if you hit accidentally , you have to get punished for it . No !
What the hell was that ? I did n't know what else to do ! What else did you want me to do ?
You love it . No , I 'm having a good time . You know what I want to do , Kate ?
Not really . It would have been hard to support my family without it . So , what can I do for you ?
They know who they are . They know what they 're doing . No , no , no .
Wait a minute , wait a minute . No , he 's not here for us . Do n't do anything stupid .
Go to your dad . Go to your dad , baby . Go on .
Stop it . Then do whatever the fuck you want . Stop , you 're not allowed to make me feel bad about this .
I may as well be dead ... To find some cash Kenny had locked up . All I was thinking about ...
She 's dead . I paid them but they killed her anyway . I see .
Burnt sugar . Somebody got to the fuel line . - No , this ai n't good .
Do you want some water ? Oh , it 's weird to see the bottom of my sink . How 's it coming in there ?
Yeah ? - I 'm afraid the girl can not come to the phone . That 's out of the question .
We can forget about the money in my truck and take the 21 mil from Quinn 's truck and split it up five ways . Still a lot of money . It 's a lot of money .
I 'm not . A lot of innocent people died out there . Right , right .
I saw the awful way they laughed , like watching over drug addicts fucked each other . They were like obsessed with that whole world . Dealers , addicts , different kinds of drugs .
Get off . All our equipment came in from Canada . We had it shipped in , and we had it all rigged and set up , and started brewing about three months ago .
Come on . Team 12 to Base , come in . Where the hell are you ?
Bringing you out here . If you want , I can leave . Someone 's kidnapped my wife .
Okay , okay . Good one , good one , good one . Oh , you know .
No . I could turn him in , I 'll sleep just fine . I do n't think I could .
Ty . - You got three seconds , Ty . - Ty , help me .
I see . Where 'd you learn to dance ? - I spent some time in Colombia .
Shit ! Everybody , okay , let 's stay calm . - He saw our faces , man !
I know . This is not what we agreed to , Mike . I mean ....
What ? It 's trying to take the house . You know , the more things change , the more they stay the same .
Again . - You do n't want to feel that way , do you ? - No .
Brad , some shiatsu for Sandra , please ? Let 's see some happy faces . Big happy , big happy .
[ GASPS ] Oh , it tickles a little bit . - There .
Are you my future girlfriend ? Would you like to be ? [ CHURCH BELL CHIMING ]
Sommerton Junction . There 's no official crossing , but it 's the closest point in his path . Hang on .
Connor , we 're really worried about you . - Need we remind you as man-whore in residence , you have certain duties to the single ladies here ? That is very tempting , ladies , it is .
Why do n't you go out there and patrol , or something like that ? Look , I do n't know you . And I do n't answer to you .
Now , the first part sounds nice . I can make it look like an accident . Do n't push me .
You . I mean , who 's fault is it we 're exes ? - We are not talking about that right now .
You do n't even believe in it . If I can tell that you two love each other , then you must really love each other . You know I do , honey .
Everything was great . Do you have a dessert menu ? What are you ... ?
I do n't want to see that . - Oh , no , do n't worry , it did n't last very ... It 's over .
Oh , get over it . It was years ago , all right ? With some slutty friend of yours .
You 've already killed one federal agent , Gabriel . You kill one another , and I guarentee you this world is not big enough for you to hide in . How are you going to explain to her parents why their daughter is returning home in plastic bags .
What are you gon na do ? Death does n't come when you expect it . Driving a race car ... or in a gunfight .
I love Sandra . - You say that now , okay ? - Everything okay here , guys ?
I love it . You know , I 'm interviewing for a new secretary . - Mm ?
Now there 's a small chance that he might try to cross at Sommerton . It 's unlikely that he may be comin ' your way , but I 'm going to send over a SWAT team from El Centro just in case . No offense , but I want them handling this .
Oh , we 're a full service mortuary , sir . Has-has the deceased been embalmed yet ? No , he's-he 's not dead yet .
I ordered the same thing . Well , I just started cooking . - Where 's Christie ?
That prisoner is Gabriel Cortez . Cortez is the most vicious cartel boss since Pablo Escobar . Let 's make sure this guy never sees the light of day again .
Wonderful . I will take a one-way ticket to Paris , please . All right .
And the tax returns to prove it . Open every second Thursday of the month , noon ' til three bring the whole family . Sorry .
That 's him . He called , you know , right- shortly after I got home . And he wants to talk , and so here he is .
Is that what you want ? You 've already killed one federal agent , Gabriel . You kill one another , and I guarentee you this world is not big enough for you to hide in .
And you know what ? I 'm fine with either one of them . With your pretty little agent dead or alive ?
We 're friends ? I swear , I would kill you if given a chance . Remember that job in Carson ?
I know . Grand Banks are no joke in October . All right ?
I can be better than this . Do you remember Annie Hall , the movie ? I was just thinking about the first date thing when , you know , Alvy and Annie , they talk about the first kiss during their date , and they just sort of get it out of the way .
We either hang out here for a few days till it calms down ... But , cap we got 60,000 pounds of fish here . Are we gon na let it spoil ?
Pull him in . Come on , a little bit more . So what do you think ?
You 're a lucky , lucky dog . That 's what I 'll call you . I 'll call you Lucky .
His name is David , and he really likes me . I think he really likes me , and he even wants to take me to Paris . I think I got it right .
I just feel like it 's my fault . Arctic storms moving into Northern California should cause temperatures in the L.A. basin to drop as much as 25 degrees . Although temperatures have been within normal ranges for this holiday season , these temps are highly unusual .
This sounds like pulmonary hemorrhage . Call pulmonary and see if they can do a scope . What do we have ?
No antenna , no radio . We 're back in the 19th century . You want to call it quits , turn around ?
I waited for my love to come visit me . But that day never came . And then I got the news that she passed away .
How about you ? I got a woman I ca n't stand to be more than two feet away from . Congratulations .
Close to 2 : 00 . Let 's come right to 5 . - Four .
Come in , for God 's sake , come in ! Billy , these storms have collided ! They are exploding !
It has been eight days since Perez first witnessed the appearance of the Virgin Mary on his windshield . Apparently , Perez has the AIDS virus and believes this is a miracle . He has refused to get out of his car .
If I 'm gon na catch up to you . I love to watch you study charts . Why ?
But she was smart . Until she made the big mistake . She told him how she really felt .
We did it ! Hey , skip , I 'm giving you notice . This is my last trip .
There is no way that we would be sitting here . We 're totally wrong for each other . We 're totally wrong for each other .
No heavy . Sibley and I have been talking ... about surgery .
Set . Okay , Sully , put it out . Highflyer !
Alright , sorry , sorry . You said there would be a point when surgery ... - might be an option .
But he wo n't tell me . He just smiles and says : `` Remember I 'll always love you , Christina .
That 's crap . What 's this you 're doing now ? Helping out a friend .
I promise I 'm never touching that woman . You know what 's wrong with people like you ? Too much sex .
Oh , right , right , right . I 'm supposed to act like I do n't know if it 's right , so then you tell me that there is no right or wrong , there 's just the moment . And then I tell you that I ca n't , while actually signaling to you that I can , which you do n't need , because you 're not really listening , because this is n't about connection for you , this is n't even about sex for you .
Maybe less . - And they ca n't do anything for her ? No , her doctor says when it 's hopeless at the end surgery could be an option .
Interferon , L-dopa ... It slowed the progress in the majority of cases . Listen , Dr. Drug Rep .
The insurance companies are dedicated to not paying you . And the big law firms , man , they 're just waiting . They 're just betting you 're going to make that one big mistake .
I 'm sorry . I should have called after the accident . Then , on the other hand ... time is in love with some people .
Fakir ! Did you move my fish ? I 'm talking to you .
You 'd better give some of this money away , - that 's all I have to say . - Not gon na happen .
Janice ? A 26-year-old needs Parkinson 's medication ? - Beth wrote that one up .
Here you go ! - Do you want something to drink ? - Yes , champagne please .
Um ... Just how happy I am , in this moment , right now . The way the light 's hitting that face of yours .
Honey , are you feeling alright ? You look sort of sea foam green . I 'm fine .
Say , '' I called it . '' - You should 've put money on it . - I called it .
Ah ! Zoloft , a drug approved solely for the treatment of depression . Off-label uses : alcoholism , bulimia , PMS , smoking , social anxiety .
I 'm hurt . - Your buckle just hit my eye . - No , it did n't .
Why ? I really just wanted to meet you . And maybe ...
The kids are sleeping . - John 's got this amazing set-up there . Lynn , I want you to meet Charlotte .
Um ... But , listen , why do n't you just get on the bus , we 'll work it out there . Okay ?
Give me some credit ! It takes a sophisticated eye to spot talent in colossal fuck-ups such as yourself . - I do n't understand .
To finally deliver that speech to a woman and have it apply to there . Because , coincidentally , I am all those things you just said . - Yes .
He did his residency at Brigham , cardiac surgery training at Cleveland . He takes the cases no one else will touch . They say he 's a miracle worker .
These are beautiful . It looks like a photograph . When did you do this ?
How can you be so callous ? Men are suffering worldwide from shame and ... And frustration .
She 's a social worker . She likes sushi and rock-climbing and Dickens . - I ca n't believe you .
Of course . There is a connection between him and Kilburn and he knows you 're leading the team to find it . I think I might know what that connection is .
Well , that would be nice , except I did n't call you . Do you want to see me ? I 'm hanging up now .
Okay . You get a special thank you for bringing food . I do ?
Hey ! - I think he 's choosing ' the hard way . All right .
Which way ? - You do n't know where you 're going ? - That is a cop .
Not since he died of something called diabetic ketoacidosis . Which is what happens when you do n't take your insulin for a few days . Anyway , an hour after his body was found Kill With Me went up .
Yes ! Yeah , but Mirror and Sphinx had some unexpected visitors . - Castlebeck ?
We 'll return to America News Radio after the local news and weather . It 's the 7 : 00 hour . This is KMZR , 108.9 FM , Portland .
Good evening . You 're listening to 108.9 FM , KMZR , Portland . This ...
I 'm Robin Hood , man . I rob from the rich and give to the needy . - Damn !
Thank you . Yeah , I spent a lot of time on that one . So I heard you hung out at the roller rink .
Oh , yeah , that was good . Yeah , you break it , you buy it , my friend . Yeah , she got some power goin ' on .
God . You sure it 's a guy ? If it 's a woman , she could be my soul mate .
Let 's go ! - Get busy , get busy , get busy - Shit !
This is the news at the top of the 10 : 00 hour . Dominating the news again here and across the nation is the increasingly urgent search for the Internet killer now known to be Owen Reilly of Portland . His most recent victim , an FBI cyber-crimes agent , Griffin Dowd was discovered dead in Reilly 's Fairview home basement this morning .
Yeah . - What 'd you put in it ? - I do n't know .
Three . - How many in your crew ? - One , but I came here hoping to negotiate for a second .
Well , I 'm sorry . Annie , would you come over here for a second ? Bring your skates .
West Linn . So this site which could have originated anywhere from Oslo to Istanbul ... Is local .
Yeah . - You guys got permits for these weapons ? - Oh , man .
Our guy had to dump the body . Why not on a national stage ? You think he did it to get a press conference ?
My man . We get tired of/ ookin ' at each other A/ , te// me somethin ' .
First I just wanted to say how sorry I am . This was a loss for all of us but most deeply for you , and we know that . I know that .
Hey . Old age happened , that 's what happened . Got tired of killin '' em .
Take a seat , Mr . Rush . That 's your third F. I do n't know what 's going on with you . But the principal and I talked and we decided until you get your grades up , you 're suspended from the team .
You got a ' 39 Ford right there . - Well , that 's a pretty car , is n't it ? - Yeah .
Like , look at this . Do you have a special tool for these ? It took a few hours .
And then , the next day , it seems like , I 'm getting shot at ... my friends are dying , people are going to jail . I did n't like what I 'd become . Yeah , and then you left ... and then I did n't have a brother any more .
... I ceased to be . Girls , party at my place . Hey , Jess .
Mom , I 've been through all of your stages , okay ? I am already at the fifth and final stage : acceptance . Honey , forget about the five stages .
We found his dog locked up in his bathroom over there . Dog by the name of Molly ? Yeah .
Well , it 's the truth . Wesley , will you get the door ? !
I would hate it if that was me and people saw this . - I should totally forward this . - Me too .
I need to talk to you . You got to call me back as soon as you get this . All right bye .
Since when do you care what Wesley Rush says ? He says crazy stuff all the time . Because it makes sense .
You look fantastic . I got my grades up , you got your date . We 're good .
Because I was hoping to take you to dinner . How about a little Dave Buster 's ? Skee-Ball ?
But what if someone made her choose , choose between doing what she did or -- or something else that was even more horrible ? That would explain it , right ? Then it would make sense .
Good . I 'm glad you 're excited about it . Go right ahead .
Forget this . I do n't even want to think about it . What about you , Fiona ?
They 're foam-tastic . Look , we 're going something over here . Guess what else .
Holy shit . Who does n't love a girl who knows the Dewey decimal system ? Do you think the other numbers are a branch code , a city , a state , or something ?
Right . What does homecoming mean to me ? If you asked me at the beginning of senior year ,
But one night divine inspiration struck . You can expect to go through five stages . - The first is denial .
It 's no wonder she chose you . Three years ago , after our mother died , I put a gun in my mouth , and I pulled the trigger .
69 ... 694 ... [ shrieks ] Oh , God . Oh , Paul , God damn it ! A little on edge ?
Isolation room 17 ? This thing caused the fuse to blow the mains on the entire building . Mm-hmm .
I 'm not sure how much he 's gon na want to . Snipped off all his fingers and made sure they could n't be sewn back on . Oh , shit .
Dad . Did n't you ever wonder why he was so quick to put her in the grave and forget the whole thing ? Dad , can you hear me ?
You just fuckir disappeared . You did n't tell no one where you went . I thought we were bros ?
I fuckir won that ! I do n't want a tie . Whoa !
That 's interesting . So far that I can see , you 're holding up your part of the bargain . That 's also interesting .
This is not finished . Where can I get Black Dick ? Whooty whoo !
My dad spent all of our money on booze . Sometimes you get lucky in here . Um ...
Because ... I 'm Never Ignorant and Getting Goals Accomplished . Hey , you OK ?
What are you doing holding on to this stuff ? If he wanted to hurt me , he would have already . Ca n't you see that he wants me personally involved ?
Keepir it O.G . I aint mad at that . Man , maybe I should call you SexTRO and shit ? I do n't know what that means .
Could be any one of these candidates . So the rumors , the abuse , was true . The facts say yes , but the state ?
You want to do something illegal ? Do you want to do something illegal ? Uhh :
is a privilege you should very much want : I mean , [ Chuckles ] students have posters of me on their walls : They pay hundreds of dollars -- 3 20 to be exact -- just to get my number :
Tomorrow , I 'm going to beat your fuckir boyfriend . And you two can just go live happily ever after . JTRO ...
Yeah : I think a while back : Oh :
I did n't say stop : [ Colleen ] How important is victory Oh :
Just get the fuck out of here and leave me alone , man . Man , who the fuck is you ? BTRO would 've stood strong .
Yo . Your bro would be proud of you . Shit 's tough in the FP .
Do n't go yet : We cheered on national television : Blue !
A 98-year tradition of cheerleading excellence Starting back with the remarkable Margaret Whiting What 's she doing ?
Others look at the same situation and ask , why not ? For the competition on Saturday , I 'm asking myself why :
I know : For a moment there , at the end , when we won , I experienced an emotion : that I can only describe as moderate happiness :
Are you kidding me ? After the way you treated us ? You know I used to look up to you ?
So , I talked to my guy , and Mexico is on . I got a date tomorrow . - What ?
We do n't know any more about the job . We just know about the company and , believe me , the worst job with them beats the best anyone else can offer . He 's right .
Oh , that 's too fast , change it . - I ca n't , the ticket 's are booked . Change the tickets .
In the books I read when I was a boy there was always a trunk just like this , full of treasure . - You will remember to pick up Pete ? I ca n't this afternoon .
It was going to be three days , but ... It 's so lovely to see you . - Bye , Dad .
Confidence was something that , in the past , we 'd left to Americans . The Americans have tremendous confidence , but not much talent . And it just seemed that all those discussions you 've ever had , ..... like '' Would n't it be great if ... ''
Mrs Parker 's sudden passing came as a dreadful shock to us all , but as we well know , God does move in mysterious ways . Which reminds me of a keynote address , which I deliver recently , of which I think Mrs Parker would have approved . Excellent sermon , Reverend .
Lights on ! Toujours y voir clairement est primordial . To see clearly is all .
* But my heart 's not in it The video was quite Benny Hill , was n't it ? ( Damien Hirst ) That 's what I did .
The CEO is hands-on . He micro-manages anything of importance to his company . And this is no ordinary selection process .
So ... I have been up every night thinking . If we only get one chance for happiness in our entire lives , Gloria , that nobody should ever die without having found it .
But at the same time , ..... they wanted to be photographed , they wanted to be in the magazine . One of the touch-and-go people , for a very long time , was Tony Blair . One of my jobs was trying to persuade people in Tony Blair 's office ..... that it would be a good thing , politically , ..... for Tony Blair to pose in the Vanity Fair Cool Britannia issue .
What ? The same reason you 're angry with me and Mark . Oh , in the van , in front of the house , on a Sunday .
At that time , we thought it was fuckin ' great and I still think that . It just was n't Morning Glory , ..... and I 'm sick of these people going on about Definitely Maybe . Fuck Definitely Maybe .
Is it possible to have a word with you , privately ? It 's about the flower arranging committee . It has taken a turn for the worse .
That 's the spirit , Brown . If you remember me taking it , you 'll remember the promise you made us . Blonde gave you the pill as requested .
You 're an intelligent girl . - An intelligent girl who 's got a libido . An intelligent girl knows what to do with it .
But covering your eyes , nose and mouth may be wise . They 're not the only things worth covering . That 's it : join in at last .
* But you never really had a doubt * I do n't believe that anybody * Feels the way I do
Five of them , at the time , which was Suede , Pulp , ..... um , Denim , you know , who came out of Felt , ..... the Auteurs and St Etienne . Three of those were representing my company , ..... so they obviously came through me to try and set it up . They put Brett on the front with a Union Jack behind him , ..... which was not a great idea , really .
Not at all . Under the circumstances you did just the right thing . I could have been anybody , and please call me Grace .
They 've never been on a building site . Not to say that that 's ... You know , not to say that the dirt under your fingernails ..... is some sort of badge of honour .
Your idea sucks too . This could all be a distraction , you know . We could be missing something obvious .
So , guess what . I talked to my travel guide last night . - Really ?
We do n't care about America . '' But at the same time , ..... they wanted to be photographed , they wanted to be in the magazine . One of the touch-and-go people , for a very long time , was Tony Blair .
But you on the other hand . You think she 's one of them ? Do n't be absurd !
It 's really affecting my heart , you know ? I really do wish it did n't have to come to this , but it does . Your husband must be told .
Sorry , sorry . Now this door 's very narrow . Slowly down .
Where else would it be ? We 'd need something to reveal it . Like light .
My , you are tall . You must get that from your father 's side . Oh , this is David .
( * Live Forever ) At that time , it was just Phil Collins , ..... and all these boring people in boring bands . Who were playing big gigs , but it was '' You 've got nowt to say . ''
This is n't funny ! You know what happens when you do n't take suppressants ! Unconsciousness .
* Reach for the stars * And when that rainbow 's shining over you * That 's when your dreams will all come true *
He 's not faking . Even liars tell the truth occasionally . - He really needs that pill , does n't he ?
You may have run out of ideas , but I have n't . - Do n't even try talking to him . - I 'm not gon na talk to him .
Better than workin ' , innit ? That 's the way I look at it . Does everybody know that we 're doin an Oasis tribute band ..... or are you just gon na tell them how good it is ?
And I think a generation of Brits ..... who came of age in the mid- ' 90s really resented this . You know , they felt a nationalistic resentment , ..... at the fact that America enjoyed this unchallenged cultural hegemony . And , consequently , there emerged this protest movement , if you like , ..... this new music , these new fashions , ..... which were more anti-American ..... and British in a slightly caricatured way .
Any questions ? Best of luck , ladies and gentlemen . We 're giving the eight of you 80 minutes .
A vacancy occurred , and naturally Eddie stepped up . Mike , we want you to come and work for us again , this time be a supervisor , take a step up , run your own team . Yeah ?
So , you , er ... And yet the world that 's supposedly now opened its doors to you , ..... '' Yes , welcome , sir , welcome to the celebrity club '' , ..... just seems to be really shite . And ...
They 're sending me stuff . I 'm sure they 're keeping you happy with everything you need to get through this . But are they gon na look after you when you get out ?
And she should n't have lied to me . So let 's get to the bottom of this . Shall we ?
Go on , before I change my mind . That 's not why I came back . I 'm fine .
Okay . My heart is not a bargaining chip for your cheap lies . - I ca n't ...
And I do n't even mind you playing dominoes . Although if you ever graduate to darts , I shall divorce you .
With a whistle , birds wrapped round you in a place like this . You 're either a drug dealer or you 're in the music industry . You wan na be a singer ?
Not old . But it puts you in a weird position no one quite knows what to do with you . I did n't .
She 's family . But anyway , we 'll be paying her . She can sign a contract .
[ Laughing ] It 's the noise of Satan . [ Laughing ]
It 's a case of well , I never , Rather than '' well , I must . '' I do n't actually want you to tie me to the bed and spank me , but it 's quite fun to imagine it .
But , I ... - You 're right about one thing . It is all related .
`` Oh , yes , but no , but yes , but no , '' but what ? I 'm looking to hire you . David , that 's more insulting than not fancying me .
Um ... Perhaps it 's easiest if we just start . Take a seat .
That 's enough for me . Well , I suppose it 's enough for me , too . - Mother .
He must have a tragic past , thus legitimizing his present behavior . She must use a pet phrase ad nauseam . Something like , '' oh , wow , ''
Right , and how does that work ? Because I gave you a bunch of money to get two tickets , you get ... It works because I 'm your boss .
[ Director ] 30 seconds and into the next interview . Stand by in the studio and someone please find a dustpan and brush . [ David ] Oh , bloody hell .
Why do n't I show you around ? So you do n't charge people to be here ? We 're not a cult .
I think that might loosely count as an oxymoron . Oh , well , strictly speaking , of course , it 's not actually an oxymoron . - I said , loosely .
I want her to have more choices than I had . I want her to Fe ... Oh , God ...
it 's not work , right ? - Do n't pull rank on me . - I 'm not ...
Or to sleep . I told you we have a solution , I 'll show you tomorrow .
We get the 300 grand , minus what we pay Zoe . - I think it 's too risky . - So do I .
Well , the trick question. `` Feminism . '' well , do 1 believe in women 's equality ? Of course , I bloody do .
No . Do you even use protection ? Not all of our conflicts are resolved physically .
♪ I got you , I got you , I got you ♪ and I 'll scratch your back and you scratch mine ♪ I 'll watch your back when you walk the line
I will not resolve with Ralph . I wo n't be left alone with that boy . There 's only one thing for it then .
[ Man ] You have to trust me . Whatever I ask you to do , it 's for us . What ?
You must be nuts . Well , you 're under my roof . I 'm here for my daughter , but you wo n't bloody let me talk to her .
[ Breathes deeply ] She 's breathing hard on purpose . - I 'm not .
You 're fucking me ? - Birds , birds , Charlie , I 'm learning Spanish . Español .
♪ ♪ I fried my head , I 'm not a brunette ♪ ♪ I 'm a down and dusky blonde ♪
Gentlemen , what happened to fair play ? It died the day you were born . Last domino .
Cassie , what have you done today ? Just tell me the first thing you did when you got out of bed this morning . Well , I meant to get up really early , but I was still the last nap and I had to fill the dishwasher'cause I was last downstairs , which was a rip-off'cause I did n't get anything to eat .
♪ I close my eyes , clear my vision to see ♪ oh , what a high place ♪ wingfit shoes and a smile on my face ...
Fucking hell ! Prisoner plating 1314 , Bronson , sir ! Well then Bronson ...
No . - No , I 'm a human behavior specialist . - Are you ?
♪ Such a lot rests upon it ♪ ♪ My life upon a song ♪ ♪ You do n't know how much I need ♪
Oh , my God , I know him . He 's one of Turner 's men . Cowboy ...
Gov-Governor ... Cha-Charlie 's actually brought something for you to have a look at now ... If you 'd , if you 'd like to ...
♪ So says your resume ♪ ♪ You 're made of card ♪ ♪ You could n't act your way out of a paper bag ♪
♪ I 'm knitting jumpers ♪ ♪ I 'm working after hours ♪ ♪ I 've got a boyfriend ♪
Onwards and upwards ! That 's what I always say ... Everything happens for a reason , dunnit ?
It 's like she sort of cleaned me out or something . Um , do you think you 'll still play the show ? Yeah , I will .
♪ It 's a fault I have , I know ♪ ♪ When things do n't go my way I have to blow up in the face of my rival ♪ ♪ I scream and rant , I make quite an arrival ♪
You 're not my dad , so do n't tell me what to do , innit ? - When did I say I was your dad ? - I do n't care !
♪ ♪ Everything I ever do ♪ ♪ Every place I 've ever been ♪ ♪ Everywhere I 'm going to
You never ... let your enemy impose his win on you . You need any help , Miller ...
Your songs are -- are baby songs , they are songs for children . You 're going to have to learn to take criticism , you know . Fuck you !
Everyone from shopping center managers , to security guards . Chris and I , act as ... consultants to the program .
♪ They walked around each other ♪ ♪ Fighting for the mirror and smiling ♪ Nope , that is not for you .
Now this ... is what I call '' Charlie vs Broadmoor '' ♪ ♪ When I 'm the Rock and Roll ... ♪ ♪ When I 'm the Rock and Roll ... ♪ ♪ When I 'm the Rock and Roll star ... ♪ ♪ When I 'm a Rock and Roll ... ♪ ♪ When I 'm a Rock and Roll ... ♪ ♪ When I 'm a Rock and Roll ... ( super star )
♪ I am a literate girl ♪ ♪ I lean my love upon you with each line ♪ ♪ A gift of improvising removes me from revising ♪
Do you know where the cells are ? Alyana you can trust me , you know you can . The war on terror will escalate .
♪ The grey of ordinariness ♪ ♪ Start by putting off your chores and all the crushing bores ♪ ♪ Say your morning prayers ♪
Well now that we are rather sadly having to consider the future of the arts facility . I do n't see any reason why you should n't be allowed these materials now . Should help you tremendously with your work .
♪ Say your morning prayers ♪ ♪ Sing a rousing song ♪ ♪ Then sing it on the long walk home ♪
365 days a year of pure unadulterated living ... breathing ... hell . But for me ... prison was finally a place where I could sharpen my tools , hone my skills .
Why ? Why did n't you warn us , about the bomb factory ? I did n't know .
Sit down my dear boy . Miss Gorgeous here will get you a cocktail . Michael
♪ ♪ I always loved you ♪ ♪ You always had a lot of style ♪
I have to put it right . I 've located one of the cells . Shit never changes .
I did n't know . Find the cells and will put an end to this . You know what I realized today ?
Two . ♪ ♪ ... you upon my knee ♪ ♪ Tea for two and two for tea
♪ The girls 'll sing about my life ♪ ♪ But they 're not here , they 've got the wild life ♪ ♪ If you want to find out , find out ♪
That was Claire Miller with the news . Lisa , where were we , brain or brawn ? What are you looking for in a man ?
Eve . I 've been out of the city for a while . Maybe you can tell me if I start acting conspicuous .
Think about it . I 'll come check you later , soldier . - You 're alright mate ?
No , it 's good weird . I feel like I 'm escaping . I feel like Tom Sawyer .
Noel , if you use abusive language to myself or my colleague , or threatening behaviour , I will have you escorted back to your cell and ... What are they going to do , put me over the fucking table and spank me ?
Anyway ... he said he did it ' cause no one would give him a job . We die like fucking flies out here . Nobody gives a fuck , we 're totally fucking redundant , you know , no purpose .
He gave me this . Show me around and I 'll fill him in afterwards . It 's what we usually do .
Hundreds . Alright , give her a go . Fawaz Abdullah .
I 've got a report here from Social Services , Mark , that tells me you 've been in and out of foster care since you were 6 years old . And you 've made some pretty serious allegations of sexual abuse . That 's all bollocks .
I need a wee . It 's the front half of a Ford Fiesta , as far as I 'm concerned , that 's ... I need a wee .
Yeah . Oh , my God , I know him . He 's one of Turner 's men .
I 'm looking for some background information on Mr. Attwell . We recovered the murder weapon at the scene . It had Mr. Attwell 's fingerprints on it , as well as fibres from his coat , suggesting that the knife belonged to him .
A year ago I arranged ... I arranged for twelve Muslim men from across the country , to go to Pakistan . To train for Jihad ...
Do you have any room at this inn ? We have n't any room , but we 've got a stable . So he took them to the stable ...
Yes , ma'am . Uniform said he had trouble breathing and could n't answer questions . - Did they search him ?
No , I did n't know that , no . Yeah , she lived in the desert , obviously . And when she wanted to move house .
You shot 2 drug dealers , you do n't risk being identified by driving this girl to a hospital . She had that thousand pound in cash on her , I thought , she must be one of the gang .
Because we do n't have any . We live in a community , you know , it 's very basic . We do n't have a dishwasher for instance or a microwave .
The People 's Republic of China . A round of applause for United Kingdom . - Nathan ?
That fucking uncle of yours took a ton of gear off me , and now he 's gon na pay up . We 're going to pay you , man . He 's got one week .
Come on Damian . You 'll have to change it quickly . Do you think that was really enough ?
Um , you open it . - You want me to open it ? All right then .
Today 's the day , that Britain enters a new currency era . You must spend or bank any remaining old money today . It 's now or never .
You all right , love ? It 's not Northern Ireland , Harry . No , it 's not .
It 's just we come here all the time and it 's usually just fine , you give us an extra ball . Number 48 is a large prawn ball meal . You get nine balls , large chips and crackers .
Marky . Tell me what happened in the subway with Leonard , Marky . Who 's Leonard ?
Hey ? Are n't you going to say goodbye ? Bye .
Uh , it 's a bit of a forced break . It 's a bit like Pm being fired , basically . I 'm sorry .
Did you find out who did it ? I 'm afraid the investigation 's still in progress . When did you last see him ?
You ca n't keep it . - You 're going to keep it ? It belongs to the government .
# Miss your teeth when they chatter when we smoked out in my garden # When we could n't sleep for all the heat . # Soft talk began to harden
And again , Sid . * Now he 's in love with you he 's in love with you ... Have n't you had enough , Harry ?
Nathan ? Zhang Mei said that she liked me . Right .
At least somebody has been listening . Told you it was York . Jim , I 'm so sorry the answer is York .
What did you just say ? Your girlfriend needs a doctor . Maybe you should call an ambulance .
Jean , you know how this works , open the door . Do n't make it more difficult than it has to be . - What 's all this about ?
And we 're going to give all that to the poor . Where you going to find poor people ? There 's loads of poor people .
They all got their own food out and started to share . And then that plate went all the way round And back to Jesus and it 'd still got the fish and the loaves on it .
Well , why do n't I call everybody and just , you know , put it off for a while ? Well , you 've been through a lot recently , have n't you ? The meat will freeze , and you can pick up the veg tomorrow .
# And I admit # Think you may have broken It # Yeah , I admit #
It 's about adaptability , Nathan . Sometimes we have to change our shape so that we fit Tn . That was you pushing the cage .
You can say that again . If you think about it , what is the main difference between those that make it and those that do n't ? Do n't know .
Ok . So , as you know , we 're going to have new money in the New Year . Does anybody know how much a euro is worth in pounds ?
Yeah. `` Dear Mr Ellis , I am writing to let you know that unfortunately ... `` '' ... you have successfully earned a place on the United Kingdom maths squad ! ''
Paul ? I saw him regular for two months . He wanted to know stuff about Harry .
( chuckles softly ) * One thing you should know * About me
I ca n't hear you . I said , let 's do tree diagrams , shall we ? Mr Humphreys ?
Luv ! Tom sees the good in people . Sees the good in people ?
Post-Olympiad of course , I 'll need to branch out into modem theoretical physics if I 'm going to describe a unified field theory for the four fundamental forces of nature . Are you one of the fundamental forces of nature , Luke ? No .
Yeah , I know ! I thought that was a fake . Uh , no , believe me , I have earned it .
The ringleader , Ashraf Ahmed , was personally responsible for the bombing of the Glassmore Hotel . The bomb was a timed device placed in a luggage item , causing a massive explosion in the foyer of the hotel . Ahmed himself was killed by security services as he tried to trigger a suicide device just prior to the foyer device exploding .
Your corrupt and degenerate media will spin my actions to suit the government agenda . They want you misinformed , scared and docile , so that you continue to ignore their murderous actions . They are happy for you to lose yourself and all that this world has to offer so that you stay unaware and intoxicated with their mindless chatter .
That really , really scares me . We should ask the others to suggest a variety of trigonometric identities to simplify the expressions , which could include , say , coversine or possibly covercosine or versine or excosecant and so on . Luke , we 're trying to think of fun questions for each other , we 're not trying to prove how many trigonometric identities we know .
Somebody across the road . He got away on a bike . He 's connected .
Now , I want you up there with the Chinese , top of the table . And I will consider it an abhorrent failure to include a candidate who does not win a medal . Be under no illusion .
So , this is it ? It 's his drawing style , and the paper 's right . This is Mary Cassatt .
If I could change it , I would . Is everything all right with you , Kate ? - With your life ?
I want it low-tech , old trade craft . If you get caught , I do n't want evidence . I 'll supply technical backup and the sweep and clean .
* One more time We 've all heard about women this has happened to , have n't we ? And if we 're honest , we think it 's a bit of a joke .
It 's why you 're at my home . I want you to find who 's responsible and stop him in whatever way you feel fit . Let it be done quickly .
'Events sent me a bit gaga . 'And my head just went . 'That is the second little dog I 've killed .
Let him know he need not fear anything , Lord . Life is just a part of existence and death is eternal . Lord , I ask in your wisdom , if you see fit to intervene , then help this man on the road to recovery , Lord .
We stick together , all of us . Have you moved on , sir ? From what happened ?
No , it 's just I do n't do those . By now , my other gay friends would be squeezing the life out of me and screaming about taking me shopping for maternity clothes . Maybe it 's just expected of you because you are posh and went to private school .
♪ To love another day ♪ We grow strong from it all ♪ We grow strong
Are you hiding from somebody ? - Can I move this rail ? - No !
The press have been sent copies of these files . They show you were responsible . Those files are nonsense you made up .
Well , no , he 's not . And do n't use that word . Now , say you 're sorry .
That 's a nice thing , man . - It 's all the bad things , son . All the stuff that 's gon na rot in my fucking head !
I do n't believe you . There 's nothing you can say that 's going to make any difference , so why do n't you just stop this ? All you 're doing is upsetting me , so if that 's what you want to do , then you 're doing a good job .
And you can chuck that as well . I know that by heart . Regardless of the play 's content , the acting was amateur .
Same shit every day . You do n't know when to stop . I 'm 23 , for God 's sake .
Do you want a drink ? * One thing you should know about me * Sometimes my life
I met with my controllers . They tried to take my life . My life is in great danger .
What you doing ? Getting a drink and thinking about getting something to eat . - Have you eaten ?
It 's so fucking easy for you , is n't it ? You want to end it with me and ... you end it , just like it 's nothing . You want to leave ?
You 're doing a project on Tudors . Why do n't you tell Lawrence all about them . It 's boring .
My name is Hannah . I wanted to say that I 'm sorry for yesterday . Some of the things I said .
What 's the matter with you ? It is n't time to be weak and emotional . We have no time for emotions now .
Yes , please . I was going to leave you to introduce yourselves . I 'm gon na ...
You 're aware of the age of consent in this country , are you , Mr. Samuels ? How the law stands in relation to procuring , say ? Len , could you see to this lady and gentleman for me ?
Oh , that 's bad luck . I hope she 's all right . - See ya .
No ? You 're here about the girl . What do you know about it ?
It 's embarrassing . Look , I 'm sorry about what happened . About the way I acted back then .
You see , you saved my life . What an extraordinary thing to say . It 's true nevertheless .
I think it did . Do n't think he heard you , love . Why did you come here ?
You said murder . Oh , it 's murder all right . Sex case , like as not , the way they go around with all on show these days .
Oh . I 'm afraid Rowan 's not in . It 's you came to see .
Listen to me , move on . What 's here and now , that 's all that matters , all right ? Go back to your wife .
Next week 's ? Any setter worth the name will keep a few grids ahead of himself , just in case he 's taken ill . Here .
As it thumps its way towards them , the glass starts to ripple . So , my wife was a big lady . You 'd hear her going up the stairs .
You 're alive . Listen to me , move on . What 's here and now , that 's all that matters , all right ?
Dr. Stromming . What 's your business with him ? Police business .
You said it yourself . You always dreamt about running to somewhere better . Well , start there .
And it was 6 : 00 , not 8 : 00 . This is next week 's puzzle . Next week 's ?
You are talking to me . Where 's the stuff from Darius Grady 's house kept ? I 'm sorry ?
`` green three-quarter length trousers `` in a fashionable Capri pants style. `` She has not been seen since .
That 's what he wanted . Darius and your son- What 's your son 's name ? Amare .
It 's 5 : 00 a.m. and a lovely spring morning out there . Looks like we got a great summer ahead of us . And more news , traffic and travel for you 15 minutes but for those of you just falling out of bed right now here 's a frank guaranteed to get you moving this morning .
Oh , hello . Changed your mind about the car ? You 're aware of the age of consent in this country , are you , Mr. Samuels ?
I gave them bad guys . And the courts put them away . Are you saying those people were n't bad ?
Who 're you protecting ? Would n't be doing my job very well if told you , now , would ? You sure you wo n't have a brew ?
I get around . Private investigator since I resigned my official capacities . And what had Loren been doing ?
Took the liberty ... It seemed too good an opportunity to let pass . It 's seldom one gets ... one gets to meet one 's heroines .
Ha-ha , very funny . I do n't miss the pressure . I 'd dream that I was running the race the night before , every time .
He 's dumb enough . His idea of evidence is to write notes on his leg . Question is , why would anyone want to ?
Maybe not , sir . This watch we found by the body , it 's engraved on the back . Eighth of October 1964 .
No way . Please , Auntie P. She can stay on the sofa with me and I promise that we wo n't get in your way . Fine , fine , fine .
There 's some more sisters up in here . I know what this one wants . Is it now ?
On all counts of the indictment , how do you find ? We find the defendant guilty . Yes .
Truly . Perhaps better to have loved and lost . So I 'm told .
Probably bugging me right now . Place like this , you can see the need for alien abduction . Anyway ...
Yeah , it has been a while , has n't it ? But I guess we 've all been focussing on our events . I just ...
No , not at all . I 'm just afraid that each year one 's ... one 's memories , they ... Well , um ...
I ca n't , man . I got a race tomorrow . - Come on !
Nah . I 've got better things to do with my time than run around like that . But you carryin ' that , bruv ...
She burned a hole in his brain . Why did the fbi send you in ? Best way to study a system is to join it .
Nice of you to ask . Yeah , it has been a while , has n't it ? But I guess we 've all been focussing on our events .
Yeah , on average . - Leave it out , Lisa , please . - What ?
But then why does somebody put a snake in your car , huh ? Who wants to make sure that Darius is put away for good ? It 's not for good .
And you ? I 've won every colour of medal in this competition , apart from gold . Or is that even really winning though ?
Well , bell me when you fucking see him then , innit , bruv ? Can you put your phone down ? We need to speak to you .
I ca n't tell you how grateful we are you agreed to come and testify . The defense is getting real traction with this PTSD stuff . The Iraqi war is so unpopular now , people can blame it for anything- even killing two children- and folk will believe you .
I do n't really wan na ... - I 'm not asking , I 'm telling . Hi .
This is n't some after-school sports club . We 've all worked our entire lives to get here . I 'm not gon na let you ruin that .
What ? Well , you have a telephone . I have a telephone .
I did n't go through shit . That 's not what Amare says . Amare needs to shut his mouth .
Do n't waste it . All you have to do is run together for less than a minute . Listen , girl , if there 's one person you do not say '' no '' to , it 's a cripple that has just blown her last shot at her dream .
♪ Today 's moving quick ♪ So quick if you wear the wrong shoes You 'll slip ♪ Better keep up with the tempo With the click
He made you do it , did n't he ? There 's nothing I can do . But you ca n't take this away from me , Tommy , man .
♪ years I 've been surrounded By this badness ♪ No time to waste ♪ It 's high time I escaped Out of the forest 's gate
Some of this will be very useful in my summation . But to be honest , and as has been the case all along , the best I can hope for Darius is clemency . Right .
Oh , uh do n't you already know ? The room was bugged to monitor a meeting between a pedophile and his mom . Last-minute attempt to find a missing 6-year-old boy .
I do n't want any detergent , all right ? I want a simple thing , bicarbonate of soda ! It comes in a little fucking tin like that !
It 's on you ♪ ♪ All ' round town , people tryin ' to get down ♪ ♪ What you gon na do , baby ?
Let 's talk about it . I 'm just giving my boy something ... Here 's one I wrote for a special occasion .
Too long a bed with no sleep With their complex romantic attachments Oh , look on their sorrows and weep
I fell off a ladder . - How much do you owe ? - What are you talking about ?
With their complex romantic attachments Oh , look on their sorrows and weep They do n't get a moment 's reflection
I 've seen his record . Between you and me , I do n't think he 's cut out for your line of work . He could be a real liability .
♪ The past lived In the dark parts of her brain ♪ And only heroin was there To take away the pain ♪ So she folded the foil and lit the flame Inhale , exhale out once again
Somehow , I do n't think so . There 's something about this guy . You mark my words .
Yeah ? - Go sit in the car What for ?
who 's the other girl ? her name 's Kelly what 's happened ? what have they done ?
We wait . - Just give the man some time . - Well , how long do we wait ?
What the fuck are you doing in here ? ♪ You think you can see so far ♪ That fat cunt Kelly .
♪ Get smacked in the face with an uppercut ♪ ♪ Bring the track from the back if you 're tough enough ♪ ♪ Killa instinct ♪
no oh , she is coming back here though , is n't she ? her phone 's here , i n't it ? do you mind if we wait for her ?
why do you wa n't me to go ? you just stay there what about the money ?
Cheers right , i am going for a lay down . you be allright ? - Yeah , we 'll just have a shower do n't want one- yes you do , you 're stinking
it 's a shithole , this place How do people live like you ? Dunno
Why are you sending your miniature friends ' round ? Look , if you 're in trouble , you 've -- No , everything 's sweet , Bets .
I do n't know . Chairman of Brighton and Hove Albion . Good .
I 'm picking some fucking innocent - Well , you do n't have to , do you ? Allright ?
It needs to be played beautifully . I think Leeds have sold themselves short . They 've been champions , but they 've not been good champions .
WELL , I DO N'T SMELL OF WHISKEY . I MEAN , HOW DO I KNOW , PETE ? HOW DO I KNOW ANY OF THIS IS REAL ?
Mr. Bremner , was that a dive ? We need to get up into the same division first . We need someone with a good head .
YOU JUST GIVE ME A DIGIT . JUST GIVE ME ONE DIGIT . ZERO .
First Division is where I want this club to be . You sure you can afford it ? You sure you 're worth it ?
IT 'S LATE . TIM , I AM WELL DISAPPOINTED THAT YOU DID N'T DO 21 SHOTS . AS THE GRACIOUS HOST , I CA N'T BE THE ONLY PERSON
THANK YOU . OH , YOUR ROOM 'S UPSTAIRS , SIR , FIRST ON THE RIGHT . ( door closes )
THIS REMINDS ME OF THE GOOD OLD DAYS . THE THREE OF US DRINKING WHISKEY ALL NIGHT , READY FOR CLASS BY 9 : 00 a.m . I NEVER DID THAT .
THANK YOU , ANDY . LET ME SEE YOUR EYES . - WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT ?
EXACTLY . BOTH OF THEM , THEY COULD TAKE ON THE WORLD . HELLO ?
My players were heroic out there tonight . Effectively , we were playing the Italian champions with a reserve team . Many of my first team are injured thanks to the brutality of Leeds United .
I KNEW IT . I 'M TELLING YOU , THEY 'RE BACK AT THE LAST TURN . HOW WOULD YOU HAVE ANY CLUE ?
CAN I SEE ? - OH , YOUR HAIR WAS SO MUCH LIGHTER THEN . - IT GETS LIGHTER IN THE SUMMER .
So the Cup winners ... beat the League champions . William Bremner ... your conduct in the Charity Shield match was deplorable ... and can not be tolerated . We understand Leeds United are taking disciplinary action ... against you internally .
AND WE WON FIRST PRIZE . I HOPE YOU DO N'T THINK THAT MAKES IT ACCEPTABLE TO HAVE A MISTRESS . AND THOSE TWO HAVE A LOVE CHILD ?
I heard all the way in America that this fella talks too much . They say he 's another Muhammad Ali . There 's just one Muhammad Ali .
THEY CUT OUT HIS EYES AND FED THEM TO HIM . THEY DID SOME PRETTY AWFUL THINGS BACK THEN . THEY ALL DID .
O'Hare needs to toughen up . He 's from the Scottish dockyards , is n't he ? What about McGovern ?
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT ? YOU 'VE BEEN GONE FOR ABOUT 45 MINUTES . NO , I 'VE JUST BEEN A FEW MINUTES .
THAT WAS A SUMMER FLING YEARS AGO . YOU KNOW , SHE 'S DEFINITELY MOVED ON TO ANDY NOW . SOMETIMES I THINK IT 'S TIME WE SHOULD START DATING OUTSIDE THE GROUP .
What was O'Hare doing ? Letting Madeley bully him like that , pushing him around . Madeley 's half his bloody size .
NO , I 'VE JUST BEEN A FEW MINUTES . WE WERE BEGINNING TO GET WORRIED . NAY , NO .
EVEN IF YOU DO GO IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION . I WO N'T LET HER DIE . MY FIRST REAL PATIENT .
There 's talk they 're going on strike . There 's protest marches arranged for this weekend . Why did n't you keep your mouth shut ?
IT LOOKS MUCH BETTER . I THINK IT 'S STOPPING NOW . IT 'S MUCH BETTER .
`` I could leave Lisa at my mother 's and I could always bring one of my younger sisters to watch Lorraine , while I write . Let me know what you think . '' `` I would really like to get it done .
A bit below stairs for you here , is n't it ? Taken a wrong turn somewhere ? Just seen the team sheet .
But ... I do n't know , it 's a horrible mess , that . We just went to , erm , the graveside and just took flowers , you know the flowers that everybody had brought .
( interviewer ) What gave you the idea for the film ? Was it personal experiences or just viewing life on the estate or what ? Parts of it was and ... parts was n't .
( siren ) - Hurry up , it 's the police . Stop the car .
We did it with Hartlepools , with Derby . We cared about Hartlepools and Derby . We 're from the North , Pete .
See , I even remember the date . You came to Derby County , 3rd round of the FA Cup ... and you refused to shake my hand . Never .
You , where do you think ? You 're not getting any money off me . I need mine .
We need a ball player . A natural in midfield ... who can hold on to it , keep possession . Giving it away too easily .
Not from me certainly . I do n't know , it 's just what she learnt in school , I should imagine . ( `` Gang Bang '' by Black Lace )
Kirsty , I 'm going to have to go and see my boys now , OK ? - I 'm going to come back and see you later . - Yeah .
I 'm listening . Well , we were just talking and we were well drunk . He started on about the girls he 'd screwed and who he 'd like to screw .
Fourth floor . - Do you have an appointment , sir ? - They 're going to want to see me .
And we were talking and I saw a little , oh , it gives me tears now , eye drop running down from her eye , and I said , '' Andrew , your mum 's crying . '' He says , '' No . '' I said , '' There , tears . '' And he says , '' Oh , yeah , yeah . ''
No drugs , no food , no toilet . The only thing I had was water . After 12 days I to get out .
Do n't even fancy her . '' I 'm standing next to you- thanks very much , marvelous best man- looking at her , saying , '' Yes , I do . Till death us do part . ''
But she died in her home , did n't she , the Beacon pub ? She practically lived there anyway . And it were some sort of embolism .
Er ... Oh , yes , the reading of the will . Yes .
The birth , Ann was there . She was the first to hold him . And I actually cried when I had Harris .
Oh , shut up . ( Andrea ) She 's more like me than not . I wrote more or less about my feelings .
All credit to you . When I last saw her in that lovely nursing home , where she was so happy- it really was a home to her , Mildred , and we thank you for that- Alice told me with a smile , the kind of smile that only comes from knowing that a job 's been well done ,
( interviewer ) Do you hope Andrea will write more plays ? Yes , I hope she 'll make a success of herself . I think she wrote with great wit and great perception about the things happening round her .
You do your time , then you can go straight . That 's what they try and sell you anyway . The truth is different .
It 's me . Do n't say anything they can hold you to . You 're not even warm .
Good . All right , I should be there in ten minutes . Hang on .
What 's in your bag , sweetie ? I 'm just a little girl . And little girls like toys .
The waves , they were fiddling ' and small . There was no wrecks and nobody drownded . Fact , nothing to laugh at at all . ''
How young exactly ? Eighteen , but what , she can look younger ? How much ?
J * I 'd sure like to know J * Why 'd you trade heaven J * For these earthly things ?
Now I do n't mind giving it , hell , you know that . But this is like two or three times an afternoon . It 's afterwork .
But will you come back later ? Please , I really want you to . - Call me .
Yeah . She wanted me to kill you straightaway , but I told her , '' Hold on , girl . This muppet could do us a favour . ''
You think Leroy 's gon na try hit on my girl ? I did n't say that , did I ? I did n't say anything .
My mother passed away a few hours ago . She had a stroke in the early hours of this morning , and died , painlessly and very peacefully in her sleep . So I know that we 'll send her off with the best ceremony that Shawcross 's can muster .
Yeah . It 's a six-incher , so it 's a big improvement for you . Plus , you 'll be needing it .
What 's up , mate ? William , I really do think you need to get there as soon as possible . Yes .
I think not , actually . - Yes , she was always talking about you . - Look , can we just ...
( Piano plays ) ( Arnold sings out of tune ) Oh , God .
J * Since first I saw you on the village green J * Come to me in my dreams of long ago ... You did n't tell me he could er ...
Delta , do n't be jealous now . We could n't have done all this without Porsche . We need her .
What about her ? I 'm going out with her . I 'm going out ... with your mum .
That 's it . Look , I can see the baby 's head , Kirsty . - Good girl .
Oh , that 's lovely , that is . I 'll have a cup for you , how 's that ? Yeah , you do that .
The UK is an important destination for women , men and children ... traded for sexual exploitation and forced labor . Some , including children in the UK , be traded within the country . The Minister of the Interior ... are there in 4000 women in prostitution .
But it 's true . I 'm four years old , he 's big and strong , and he 's hurting her . Eddie does n't care .
When the women come , you have nothing . They do not even understand . No papers , no taxes , nothing .
Man is gon na die from the moment he leaves his mother 's womb . Their fate 's already been determined . All we 'd be doing is ...
I would just Jed . Zaf , can you hear me ? I do not want bruised boxer the wedding pictures .
I 'm sorry to take so long . But I was just having a word with that old lady over there . Tragic story .
Enough . Thirty years ago I worked for the government . I 've heard things and seen I could not see .
Aye ! Only that I hope it 's as hot down there as they say it is ! You see , you can only teach anatomy by cutting up people 's bodies .
I make what he has ruined everything . I make what he has ruined everything . Everything .
Excellent . It is an heliographic , a device to capture the image forever . An heliographic ?
My daughter is only nine . There is nobody in the club . The police have closed it .
Gentlemen ... I give you the human form ... in all its glory . Jesus Christ !
Irish scum ! You are convicted of the heinous crimes of grave robbery and multiple murder . Do you have anything to say before you are consigned to hell ?
They organized the fight . Put him in the car . - Grab your clothes .
That of the roadies is also gone . And even they were too fast . It 's stolen .
You have hidden depths , William . Women like that in a man . - May I see you tonight ?
Tonight ... There are three great battles . Two new challengers .
I 'm half Jewish . I 'm being persecuted by a heathen ! This is an outrage .
No , no . Take the truck and go to work . You 've been busy .
Just say the words ! I ca n't work out what makes this character commit murder . Why , Ginny ...
But there are forces which I had to hide . So I know what fear is . - In any country .
Call the police . I get her back , I promise . - It 's started again .
So he did n't pay his rent , then ? Are you telling us Old Donald is dead ? As a doornail .
Then he laughs no more . Vlad Dracul put heads on spikes . He was Romanian .
Or to be getting yourself inebriated . You got a business to run . We was just talking about that .
Tonight you are heroes . But do not try to escape . Do you have a wife ?
I 'm telling you , Willy , it 'll be over in a flash . And I 'm telling you I do n't like this one bit . And I am confident that this is the only way .
I am he . Newly returned from my tour of the continent . And I am Samuel Coleridge .
Everything will be fine , honey . Julie , everything will be fine . - Point that gun at me .
Are you going to the Arsenal game on Saturday ? Chelsea are going to slaughter you . Nice view .
And then they 'd be gone forever . We went to the seaside for the day , just him and me . My mum took me to Camber Sands once .
Yeah , but we have to keep him nice and clean , do n't we ? He said he does n't mind being dirty . Oh , he told you that , did he ?
' I would n't be the first woman in my family'to have her knickers charmed off her by some fella in the army . 'Anyway , for better or worse , ' I got my boy and he got me . '
'Love is not surrender , Osama . 'Love is furious and brave and loud . 'You could hear it in the noise that my boy made when he played with his cars .
'They believed in Arsenal Football Club and it took you to destroy it . 'To make me realise that paradise was a grey day , 'on an English beach with my boy . ' I do n't know why I did n't think of looking for you here .
It 's the one perfect memory I have of us , and the day I took him was perfect , too . Eight weeks ago , you see , he was here . I had him to ... you know , to ...
'So , if I 'm going to show you my life , I better start here . 'My boy and Camber Sands . 'Why this and why now ?
Much brighter than me . 'But if I can make you see my son with all your heart for just one moment , ' I know you would stop making boy-shaped holes in the world .
'Even Hitler could n't finish it off. `` ' Bethnal Green was like hell , '' my grandma said , `` ' just one endless sea of flames . ''
That 's all ... you ruffle my hair . And we smile because we understand one another . You could just grunt or something , just so I do n't feel like a complete prat .
Sometimes , yeah . And if I ca n't get into their heads , I 'll try and get into their beds . What do you tell people when you need to get into their beds ?
He said he does n't mind being dirty . Oh , he told you that , did he ? And he said , you can come in here if you 're scared tonight .
One ... I would do anything to go get them years back . Two ...
All right , look ... Ike and Andre and them man . They had some next bre there , offering bare Ps , blood .
I 'm just about my studies , money and my girl . If you 're not on it , you know how I feel . Do you know where I can find them lot ?
that killed our best friend ... just come out of jail , innit ? - And I want us to go get him back . - And do what ?
And what ? You think you 're a big man ? No , man .
Where 's he gone ? - He does n't want any trouble , Jay ... - Where 's he gone ?
You ca n't survive with those numbers . Yes , I can , and I have been for years . And with the pick up of Dexter Sky , well , things are looking up .
Why not ? - I just do n't want to . Go see , go see .
I 'm gon na come see you every day . ( SOBBING ) And this lady can give you some place to stay . Mommy just ca n't right now .
You know , you have eyed that video game five times in the last four minutes . Do you want to play ? - Yeah .
You say the words , I 'll put you on deck . Have you driving a new fuckin ' car by the end of the week . No .
She does n't have a silver spoon in her mouth . You just do n't get it ! You 're the kind of guy who leaves a $ 10 tip for a $ 20 bill !
Yo , do n't kill that , man . Yeah , he do n't remember'cause he got his head beat in . Fuck that noise , Chris .
My dad still had the store , I still went to school . I made her angry .
That 's my mom 's ring . So you gon na give me the gun or what ? Why do n't you just sit down ?
Look at me . I 'm tired of you fucking dick-riding me , man . Always following me around and shit .
One , you done all your time so far with kids , instead of real cons . So you think you tougher than you actually are . Two , the guards of the Y.O.S .
A party . It 's right down the street . - Then walk .
( Chuckling ) Who was that girl you were with last week ? Oh ... that is , um , Crystal .
Yeah ? My mom does n't have enough money to play fun things . ( SCOFFS )
Mason and your brother . - Well , break it up or something . I ca n't have the cops come to my house .
And with the pick up of Dexter Sky , well , things are looking up . Dexter Sky , yes , our biggest client . You just pulled them right out from under us .
Hell , yeah , man , we 're still together . Matter of fact , she about to have my baby . You gon na be a daddy .
Just time , I plan on doing it right . And what 's right lies within me . I 'm learning to appreciate my struggle for it would be hard to find the joy of accomplishment without it .
You should try the Petrie House . - They take women and kids . - Yeah , I know .
WOMAN : Before this committee renders its decision , is there anything that the inmate would like to say ? Not too long ago ...
Naw , right ? Swear to God , no jokes little brother , picks up one of their own pieces , right ? D :
Uh . Well , you just told her . It 's Wesley .
♪ To see and the penitentiary is on fire ♪ ♪ There 's only to be your mother ♪ ♪ Or your brother or the one to come before you for ♪
So thanks for taking the trip down with me . Oh , hey , it 's no problem . I just wish I could stay longer and help you ... decorate .
Man , you do n't hold back , do you . I can stop if you want . No , I did n't mean it like that .
You let them do this ! I told you she would do this ! ( CARS HONKING )
We 're here to discuss the enrolment of James Burns into the freshman class of Roosevelt High School , per the request of his mother , Tracy Burns . Miss Burns , let me be frank with you . We have some concerns .
I 'm sorry . I did n't know that anybody was here . You do know that 's grounds for termination , right ?
The babysitter just dropped her off . Ariel , can you get down from there ? You know , you really should n't be sitting here on these side streets .
Do n't tell anyone what we talked about , okay ? Well this is kinda out of my price range . A girl 's got ta treat herself sometimes .
♪ ' Cause nothing feels like ♪ When you 're holding on ♪ Say I feel all right
Yeah April ? I do n't talk to strangers . Wes wants the conference call transferred to the car .
I want you to go out the back way . Just up the road is my truck . It 's off to the side .
Puts you in a great position to sell . It does , John , but you know what ? If I were in the same position , I probably would 've done the same thing .
Where are you gon na go ? You ever wish you were someone else , Faith ? All the time .
Why did you save me ? Do n't put your faith in me , Alice . I promise I 'll disappoint you .
Where 's Walt ? - I do n't know where Walt is . He 's not up there .
Anyway , it 's cool . When you did n't call , we went ahead without you . But you should have called .
Listen , um , I had a conversation with Cort today . He told me about your mom .
Along time ago , my friend . You 'll need proof of life , of course . - Hello .
Who 's publishing it ? - Well , I 'm looking for a new agent first . A friend of mine 's an agent with Binky Urban .
You were the one . Hell , Faith , not only were you the right look , you were vulnerable . Everything about you just screamed '' Take advantage of me . ''
Let me get you a pillow . You used to be very emotional when you were younger . Did I look pretty silly out there , falling on the concrete ?
Why did n't you tell me about her ? 'Cause I do n't really like to talk about it . Why ?
Once you hook up , the whole thing changes . Not even to say thanks ? I mean , the guy gives you , like , what , a $ 2,000 watch , and he does n't even get a thank you ?
Mom , I 'll be fine . Remember , you 'll be in front of a lot of people . - Do n't ruin the whole thing for me .
You know what he 's doing , do n't you ? He 's trying to decide what you 're worth . He will not hurt you .
Why ? It might help if you talk ... Just the same way you do n't like to talk about Jimmy .
Just people you meet . - I 'm here to see Lebedynko . - No .
Long story . I have pretty weird interests . I 'm gon na need some I.D .
I 'm running the show here now , Peter . Weinstein 's back in the States . He seemed surprised when they sent him home .
It would have to be . You 're shoving the whole tongue in me . No , it 's okay .
You know , I knew it from the first moment I saw you . You were the one .
Used to work with Hanley . I 'm on the next plane down . Bring Mason in .
This is Mother Hubbard . There is nothing to eat or drink . No soda .
Hey , so it 's last call . I was thinking maybe you 'd like to buy me a drink . Thanks , but I 'll pass .
I 'm happy to have the same amount of dishes as people . It 's always one dish less the number of people . That 's our family tradition , not ordering enough food .
She was in the restaurant with Devereaux . I 'll run a biometric match . Welcome to Hotel Imperial .
Thank you , Walt . - Joan says you do n't like your sheets . - They 're fine .
It 's an ID for this whole area , Nic . Two , plus three , plus five , plus 41 . 51 .
Natalia . Will killing him really make it better ? It 's a start .
I 've been giving it some thought . You called my father at the last minute . Whatever you said , he thought I could save the marriage .
Get down ! I 've tapped into a CCTV feed . What the hell 's going on ?
Where are we ? I heard them say we 're not allowed above ground because we were contaminated . What the hell was Nomad ?
My parents did n't wan na uproot me and Rebecca . So we stayed in the house . They took separate apartments and switched off coming to us .
The green tile here that says '' Five '' goes with the yellow pyramid . The green cube goes with the blue shaped cube . The yellow written sphere goes with the green-shaped sphere .
No , this is about you . You can be a human ... or a killer of humans , but not both . Eventually , one of those people will extinguish the other one .
I need you to go . I need you to go . Please .
And if you 're not ? Then I guess I did n't make it . They 're gon na kill us all .
Stop . Haley , you know how many times I 've played this out in my head ? Twice-a-week doctor 's appointments .
Not really , though . I 'm feeling kind of feverish . - Do we have any Tylenol ?
That 's why he seems so close . How many people have you killed , Mason ? What , now ?
Okay . But my glasses are messed up , though . Hey , it 's gon na be fine .
What if no one ever finds her ? No one can hide forever . I ca n't bring you with me where I have to go now .
Oil , however , lots of it . Filthy Chechen terrorists did n't want to give it to us . So ... one day , a building blew up .
The network is currently unavailable . Haley , did you find anything ? Haley ?
- I have 14 seconds to spare . I 'm well aware .
I do n't get it . What do you think that sound is ? I do n't hear anything , Hay .
Maybe . I come back to you on that . My name is Aaron Milton .
Hello , Perkins . You have a pretty exciting life . Yes , it has begun to dawn on me .
Very good . Now , um , cover the right eye , and the second line . Ooh , I just ...
Your nanny has certainly arrived . - Do you know how old she is ? - She knows what she 's doing .
Wait a minute ! What about the Universal Dog Home of Brooklyn ? And what about your nephew ?
`` The truth of the matter . '' What is the truth of the matter here ? The only thing I know for certain is that you do n't know what you 're dealing with .
He is wrong . You have plenty to offer . Thanks .
Ugh . You should improve your sales technique . Get some practice with the ladies .
I do not think he will be happy for this there . Is there you take all your phones ? - What 's going on here ?
Belongs to my mommy . - My brother sleeps right there . - Yes ?
No . I was right behind you the whole time . You were just too busy to notice .
Put your seatbelt on . - Nic , I think we should just ... - Hold on .
What do you mean , you ca n't ? I just ca n't right now . Look , I get we have to take Haley to California .
You know , Porter , I 'm actually kind of alone . I have Charlie , but I ca n't talk to him about everything . Simon is very much a taboo subject .
It 's not what it looks like . - 3 to 5 years of community service ? Hello .
Please . Be emotional if you so desire . I 'm terribly sorry that we have to meet in such terrible circumstances .
I do n't want any part of this . This is breaking and entering . This is impersonating a guest .
I had dinner with , uh , Jessica Chastain . She wants to be in my next movie , Strange Day . And looks good .
You have the entire semester to build their water times . But it is 95 percent of their character . - It 's a tradition here at Perkins .
I can be calculated Jupiter landing , so I can run uphill . - You 've known it for months . - It 's a simple equation .
Made you feel like you have a real daddy ? Made you feel safe , Car ? Tell me the story .
But you cheated on me . Ca n't we call it even ? No , no , no , no , please hear me out .
I would rather you did n't . I do n't know if I 'll be able to contain my rage that long . Come on , sweetheart .
What are you doing here ? Can not your cousin and you come up to me ? I have some friends visiting .
No . I said you lost it gambling . I was desperate .
Why can not I change electives ? Do you know how many students had killed to make room on my team ? You are the only first-year student .
[ clears throat ] Why have you been buying milk lately ? They 're going to demolish this tomorrow morning .
When we use a ruler . Can you do this somewhere else ? When it is your turn .
What ? - I wanted you to find that video for me . - What ?
What is right ? There with the married woman . She has only one child .
Yes . You must come and have a word with Mr. Hobbs . He 's quite eager to meet you .
Therefore if you should choose not to accept the money , it will revert immediately to your uncle 's favorite charity , The Universal Dog Home of Brooklyn . Dog home ?
And she tells me she 's not sending it . And I look through her stuff , and I do n't find it . Then what ?
It 's best you go . I will say that you asked her . What ...
Un moment , s'il vous plaît ! There is someone who is not joining in . Someone who is alone .
No , no , no , no , please hear me out . - You are the only man I ever loved . And I am the only woman who will ever make you happy .
Thank you , Porter . It 's one of the weirder moments in my life . [ softly ] Call me when you 're done .
No , you do n't understand . We are in danger of closing . You 're trying to make me late .
♪ That I just ca n't fix ♪ ♪ As I see you in the morning ♪ ♪ ' Cause with you I got that click ♪
Six million dollars . So , first things first , have I got a red rose in my buttonhole ? Check .
How do you feel about that ? It 's both comforting and terrifying at the same time . Do you love me ?
My vet says that all this noise you 've been making off in here the last few days has given Thurman a nervous condition and made his hair fall out . I had to put him on sedatives ! Your vet is a moron .
Shit , Simon , fuck . Is your pathetic story really worth this ? Please , stop .
My American name is Gary . You ever have one of those days , Gary ? What kind of days ?
There is no such thing as natural beauty . You think you can remember that ? There 's no such thing as natural beauty .
I told you , man . Oh , my God , Miss Clairee , thank you so much ! I love it !
We can adopt 25 million babies . It does n't matter to me . You say that now .
♪ ♪ What are you telling me ? ♪
I honestly do n't think I can . But you found that little girl . Do n't people tell you all kinds of things ?
Thanks . Guess I 'm a man now , huh ? ( laughs )
♪ Someplace they wo n't find you . What ?
It lasts 33 days . Spiders and insects Are members of the ants -- Ants -- anthro --
Maybe she was praying for Drew and Marshall . Maybe she was praying for us because we 're gossiping . Maybe she was praying ' cause her panties are too tight .
What were you possibly thinking ? I wanted to be with Lucy . That 's ridiculous !
I 'm having an affair with a Mercedes-Benz . We are in the house of the Lord . ( MOUTHING ) Tell them .
A harlequin . He is a man grown , and his path is his own to choose . Silence , land-trunt .
It 's only 6 : 30 . Well , I guess I 'll Just wait downstairs . Sure there is n't anything I can get you ?
You just gon na leave ? You do this every year . You do know the whole point of a tree-trimming party is for the guests to do the trimming ?
Diabetics have healthy babies all the time . Not with chronic kidney disease . I found a doctor in Monroe who specializes in high-risk birth .
I 'm not talking about the rights of the parents . I 'm talking about the rights of the child . Please let the record show --
I swear . Look at it this way : In two years , he 's going to pay for you to leave .
( SOBBING ) I 'm so mad , I do n't know what to do . How is that baby ever going to know how wonderful his mama was ?
I do n't want to be too sleepy . Everybody says Bob 's Big Boy has the best hamburgers . Can we go there Wednesday instead of IHOP ?
With , uh , what's-his-name . The Prince , the ... the New Prince . Will Smith ?
I was afraid I would n't get hired if you knew , and I a job so bad . I swear that my personal tragedy will not interfere with my ability to do good hair . It better not .
So you wore the blue shirt today ? Not the one with the pocket ? - He 's got the blue one on .
It was probably that guy from the V.A . Did you bring ¡ ° ' Kramer vs. Kramer '' ? I see what 's happening here .
Nobody can trim it but you . Nobody says what goes where but you . You no longer have any say-so in my life , Mama , and you know it , and you ca n't stand it .
It 's real easy . They do them all the time in Shreveport , about three , four times a week . Yeah , she 's right .
Stop . And when the wolf finally comes ... He does n't know it .
Yeah . Is that the new Janitor ? Oh , it 's a ...
Sam is a very good father ... because he likes green things ... Like I like green things very much . I like green peas .
( sighs ) Okay , please . My dad is loving every second of this , okay ? No , Joe , I seriously doubt that .
Check . - Sam , get your dessert to go . Because , OK .
Yeah , Patrick , um , he usually takes care of the gathering , you know , berries , roots . I take care of the meat and the protein . ( grunts ) And the shopping .
The rape , I mean . That 's why I say they knew my name , and I did n't know theirs . That 's why I make reference to pieces missing .
Objection . The fact that Ms. Cassell has n't left her room in ... I do n't know how many years ... must have some effect on her perception .
Oh , my God ! - You in love with this girl already ? - Go fuck yourself .
Yes , and if I were you ... I 'd look at my conscience long and hard ... before I tried to use this in court . Is that a threat ?
Yeah , I know . Um , this is the bathroom . Closet .
Most days , she does n't know me , And I 'm standing right in front of her . Oh , the mind always was the Achilles heel in our family .
Motion denied . Continue with your witness , Mr. Turner . Mr. Dawson ... it 's hard .
He 'll do anything for her . Yeah , but do n't you think that sounds a little bit one-sided ? No , I do n't .
Mm-hmm . What 's up for you today ? What are you doing ?
That 's true , but the issue here is that ... at the age of seven , Lucy is smarter than you . But in some ways , I 'm smarter than she is . You got to be firm on this .
* They 'll only smile * to see you while your time away . * * And once you 've seen what they have been , * * to win the earth just wo n't seem worth * * your night or your day . * Who 'll hear what I say ?
I really liked you , you know ? I thought you were different . But you 're not .
What the fuck is her name ? You know , uh , she 's got a little crooked tooth . Cry in her voice , la-la-la , reads her poetry .
Willy , hi . Jackson told Wyatt he was n't my best friend anymore . Could we possibly talk About this when I get home ?
You know , you 're going to push those guys Too hard one of these days . Who gives a shit ?
What do I say ? I forgive you , or we 're supposed to get back together or something ? - No .
The customer 's always right . Because when Lucy comes through the door ... everybody says , '' surprise ! '' You got ta stop bouncing for a second .
I thought maybe , by coming back here , Helping you tell your story , I could help you get past it .
On the contrary . Mr. Dawson admitted he felt very confused at times . Actually , that he felt terrified ... that he 'd made and would continue to make --
Shit ! I know , I was about to say , the mighty Don bringing out the long game ? - She 's a dime , but ...
Oh , God , that 's horrible . So I think that her arrest Might by symptomatic of ...
Because they 're the same as mine . Yeah , because they 're the same as yours . Yeah .
Thank you , Father . Through the ministry of the Church , may God give you pardon and peace , and I absolve you from your sins in the name of the Father , the Son and the Holy Spirit . Amen .
Wait ! Father , I 'm really sorry , but could you just tell me how you got to those numbers , please ? 'Cause I ...
Yeah , there 's a reason for that . Do n't you have to record this ? I mean , how do you remember everything ?
# It 's such a sweet sensation - # Feel the vibration- # It 's such a good vibration # # It 's such a sweet sensation
I ... Probably spent the first month trying to figure out what was in it for her , you know . But I guess you have to take a person at their word that ...
And you 'd only be a few feet away from her , So that 's make things better . You know what some of the guys around here are calling you ?
Morning . think I could make eggs or something ? Yeah , sure .
May he rot in hell too . I am happy to report he is . In prison , I mean .
And to my editor at the magazine . It details how you raped Sherry . [ Laughs ]
Stevie ? - Yeah , he needed the hours . - I do n't think I know Stevie , no ?
I think last night or early this morning . I mean , she literally walked in this morning ... you know , you know how much I like Kate , but it 's the thing about her that 's annoying , where you 're like ... You know , she came in , literally going like , '' I 'm free ! ''
How much is it gon na bother you if I take that knife away and stick it in your neck ? Could you really do that ? Yeah , I will .
Yeah , I got everything . Tell me more about this beer you have . Oh , ow , ow , ow .
Where did you get it ? I was taking a nap in some alley . Heard some footsteps .
You like nice . Oh , thank you very much . This place is gorgeous .
I mean , real pussy 's all good , but , no offense ... No , no , no offense taken . So you like porn better than sex ?
And there 's twenty thousand dollars . Consider it my gift to you . There 's twenty more if you find the two fucks who killed her .
Mm ... And you take one night class for me , baby ? One little class ?
We , in turn , I do n't know ... You can finish it up all for yourself , ca n't you ? We are not going to argue the price .
So I say we strike while the iron 's hot . You know , maybe even as early as next week , hopefully ? We go out there to Three Floyds , and maybe , you know , leave early , like around 3 : 00 , next Thursday or Friday , whatever you think works ... whatever works for , you know , a lot of the guys .
Eduardo was wrong . There were only about 10 , and most of those were on the 5th Avenue side . And there were 4 more floating in the pond down there .
Okay , okay , all right . Just look at me , look at me , look at me . Okay , I need you to breathe .
One more thing . As I was getting the collections together for Freddy 's widow I found this. `` For a good time , call 555-0125 . ''
What 's going on ? There 's a box up on my closet . I want you to get it for me .
Careful with my pussy . How long have you been waiting to say that ? The whole U-haul ride , you 've been thinking ...
If you do n't mind . Does n't offend me at all . Awesome .
Why are you so good at blackjack ? 'Cause when I was younger , I used to work on the riverboats in the casinos .
How about green-wood cemetery ? Yeah , I think I know that place . You should .
He 's a good kid . When I was his age , I was hot-wiring cars . Okay .
You got style , woman . I 've got a veggie lasagna , but it 's not done yet , so I thought I would feed us something for now . Thank you .
He pays for your cab out there and back each time . Whether you take it or not . Please .
All right . - I need you to stay with me . - What 's happening to me ?
He moves around a lot . - I 'll still be there , who knows ? - How do I get in ?
Do I have a fridge ? 'Cause you can have a magnet . A magnet , ooh .
Jimmy needs me . I can not go to jail . You hear me ?
Yeah , come on in . - Can I get you something to drink ? - No .
Okay , all right . We just stop the bleeding we can wait this out . Me and you .
The whole damn world , bro . Have you talked to Jimmy about the situation ? He knows the bank wants the house , but he thinks I 'll figure it out .
What ? You only give sodas to some low income people , with a bunch of chemicals that metabolizes you . That 's why I only drink water ;
Where ? Could n't tell you where from . I 've had to chase them out of here numerous times .
Boy . At least you 're going to school , man . In the kitchen .
That son of a bitch . - Lot of slow dancing , making out , tongue . And every now and then I put on the red dress ...
He 's a beautiful piece of a man . Hey , look at how much fun they 're having now that you 're gone . - He 's not shallow .
Man , I do n't know why we did n't have this conversation years ago , huh ? Well , that 's enough for one night . Let 's hit the bricks .
Shit ! So you want to play ? Let 's play !
When the music stops and you 're looking for your slacks none of that stuff matters worth a lick . Well , there was this one party . Um ...
Went to get milk . Just stay away from the windows , ok ? Stay away from the windows .
At least Connor brought us all together , right ? Hey , there we go , Chalice . That 's the winning attitude , huh ?
I know the two of you are use to being driving buddies . And for your information , Swiss bank accounts are not as secret as they use to be . Let 's go .
You know , Sandra , all I can really say all that I know for sure is that Mom and Dad they would 've loved you . And I 'm glad you 're part of our family . - Here 's to Paul and Sandra , right here .
Sorry . You told me to make sure you were on the road by 2 . Why ?
Why ? - Because I need your help . Your fugitive is trying to cross the border right around here .
Well , speaking of which , I think I owe you an apology . I 've enjoyed the company of all the other bridesmaids except you . I mean , you must feel terribly left out .
Jerry was my friend . I 've never quit on my friends . Set him free .
Now watch that kick . She do n't know it 's your first time . - Just hand it over .
I 'm going to slow it down right now so guys , grab that special girl and head on out to the dance floor . [ EASY LISTENING MUSIC PLAYS ON SPEAKERS ] Ask her to dance , man .
You know what ? I do n't have time to explain every little detail to you . Why do n't you go out there and patrol , or something like that ?
I was such an idiot the other night . I do n't know what came over me , but I apologize if I was being too forward . It 's been a very long time for me too .
In my sleep , especially when I was younger . See , he likes to travel the world , and if I 'm good , then sometimes he 'll take me with him and share his adventures with me . And what 's he like ?
I just do n't understand how you ever gave it up to come to this place . The most exciting thing I 've done in the past 4 days is ... rescue a cat out of a tree . Sommerton has its charms .
I want to be deputized like Frank here ... so any damage caused to or by me will be official business of the Sommerton Juctions Sheriff 's office . Put ​ ​ your hand on it . I do hereby instate one Lewis Dinkum who 'll serve as deputy from this day forward , or until his services are no longer required by the people of Sommerton Junction .
Hi . I was hoping you would come in . I saw you in my dreams last night .
And I gave him my heart . I gave him my soul . I gave him my love .
Damage estimates are in the high millions . Folks , the worst is yet to come . The storm of the century .
I got to find my daughter . Please , please , it 's an emergency . I need to help her .
We 're here . Hey , talk to me , J . Talk to me . I 'm all busted up , cap .
It 's not a joke . There ca n't be any accidents . There 's a suicide note with my signature .
She-she has really big blonde hair . She was wearing a red dress with-with these all on it . I could-I could pay you for your time if you help me find her .
I do n't know . Okay , I hope you do n't mind . I just haven't-
I do n't want to sit . Please put it out and have a seat . Have some coffee .
Then you can stay home and collect disability . Think of all those handicapped parking spaces . Tell me last night was worth it .
I mean , if you want , I could- Yeah , no , I- yeah , I would like that . I would .
I found that picture in your car . And I could n't help but think about you , how lonely you must feel inside without love . Do you want love in your life ?
You 're counting your money . And my guy is out there risking his life for a bunch of stupid fish . That 's the game .
So I guess you 're the big hero here . Well , you 'd have done the same for me . Is n't that what I 'm supposed to say ?
Do you- do you want to come up , 'cause I 'm just- I live there alone , and I do n't have any cats , in case your allergic . I , um ...
Look at that shiner . Come on , Murph , will you ? Good morning .
All right , guys , let 's hit it ! 1000 hooks in the water before dinner . I want 40 miles out there .
Oh , sweet pea , Mommy misses you so much . I just do n't know how much longer I can do this . I 'm trying for you , baby .
Over . Billy , get out of there . Come about !
I met her the other night . She-she has really big blonde hair . She was wearing a red dress with-with these all on it .
I 'm getting my radar fixed Monday . - You live in New York ? - I do .
It 's not big deal . I 've always had a fantasy that you were looking for me . And all you really wanted was to say that you were sorry .
Sorry to hear that . How 'd you hit it , Billy ? Did n't hit very hard , did you ?
Please ... Please let me try again . I 'm so tired .
What did you do ? I had sex with Lynn McHale up on your roof . You 're kidding me .
No . Cause she had an abnormally small head . It might account for the limited conversation .
I know , '' Butterflies '' . `` Two butterflies ... went out at noon ... '' `` And waltzed above a stream ... ''
We 're issuing a mayday . Give the Coast Guard our coordinates . We 're ditching .
Oh ! When I think of the size of the problem and that it 's growing larger , really ... - Really .
When did I get sick ? So , are you always this mean ? Actually , this is me being nice .
My bad ! Plus , my Pfizer stock 's up 40 % . - Hi .
I 'm sorry . - You said she had a year ! - No , I said a year at best .
That 's insane . You need to get your stuff out of my apartment . What the hell ?
Is n't it divine ? - You 're not kidding about this ? Have I ever lied to you ?
Do you know that what 's ahead of me is bad enough ? - Do n't you want to get ... - No !
Pfizer makes his patients happier , - so he makes more money . - Okay .
I tried to get a cab and could n't . I took the subway and ... Yeah , yeah , it 's alright .
Look , I got this friend , he 's a radiologist . He has a little problem . I thought maybe ...
She went to Costa Rica last summer with some guy . He owns a charter airline and wears sunglasses indoors . I think he 's a gun runner , but ...
You gave me your number , you bad girl . Do your friends know how bad you really are ? Jamie !
And med school dropouts everywhere . You 'd better give some of this money away , - that 's all I have to say .
It sure is . He has n't changed a bit . What did you do , make a deal with the devil ?
What was it again ? Misery , heartbreak , pain happiness , love ... - life .
Why do n't you tell Daddy what a downtown Chicago hospital is really like ? Patient brought in with chills , nausea , ischemia , clearly in shock . Did you do a CBC ?
Just how happy I am , in this moment , right now . The way the light 's hitting that face of yours . There 's this little breeze coming in through the window .
The point is ... Look , I could put this off , but I genuinely like you . I want to be clear from the start , so there 's no confusion later on , okay ?
You have to imagine it on your friend . Is it the line of a woman 's hip ? - Is it ?
Oh , my God . This is a sales call , is n't it ? You 're gon na stay on the phone with me until I say yes , are n't you ?
Oh , you lying sack of shit ! You do have latent humanity . - Do you know what 's going on here ?
There you go . My dummy Capital One card . Hope he goes for it .
It 's a jungle in there . Hey , I just went to the site after the guy was dead ... I got a list of assholes my girlfriends and me think he ought to kill next .
I 'd just been diagnosed , and he was married . He helped me , and it did n't end well . So ...
Okay , I see it . I 'm surprised he has the patience for auctions . - Oh , you 've got him now .
Fuck ... - Trying to tie your tie . Fuck ...
Good . I want you to know I did follow up with the NSA . As far as using their supercomputer goes , unfortunately the answer 's no .
Of course you can . You can do karate , kung fu , tae kwon do . - Thank you , Griffin .
All right ? But you 're making it worse by talking to the press . Do n't talk to the press .
Shit . The easy way or the hard way , Raines . Easy way or the hard way ?
Emphasis on '' might . '' A few things I got ta check out . I 'm on my way in . Are you coming ?
Bring Sa// y up and bring Sa// y down Let 's done start Got ta ti// the ground Bring Sa// y up and bring Sa// y down
Still , it goes back to his goals . Why kill these particular people ? And why is he killing them on the Internet ?
Yeah ? Let 's impound these cars for one month . I do n't give a damn if they belong to Tom Cruise .
Okay , honey . Look , I 'll be out in a minute . Mom , there 's a video of our house on the computer .
Right , right , right , right ! Here it peaks at 5,500 r.p.m. ! - What do you know about Raymond Calitri ?
We 're gathered here to share some information in regards to criminal conduct that originated in the Portland metropolitan area but that has far-reaching implications . Let me introduce Special Agent-in-Charge of the FBI 's Portland field office Richard Brooks . Thank you , chief .
Barely . I 've got a big date tonight . - Big , special or big , large ?
All right , we got ta move . - You ever feel bad about any of this ? - Hell , no .
He could just blink Morse code and tell us where he is . Okay , I 've got the '' who is . '' It comes back Blue Sky ISP . - Username and password , please .
It 's the wrong house . - Any American who visits the site ... - He was here , though .
I think you should consider this . Oh , come on , Otto , please . No , his criminal career has come to an end .
This is wrong ! What the hell are you doin ' ? Get the snake !
Okay . So , you have to pass the chemistry midterm , okay ? - So , we 'll focus on that first .
My cousin Charlie Piper ? Well , people do n't know that . Okay , I will keep looking .
God ! - Man , this guy can drive ! - What ?
Simple geology . You need a booth , okay ? It 's better for flirting , not-so-accidental touching , making out .
Nice . Damn , it 's cold up here . They keep these Ferraris refrigerated ?
Should n't you be working with a partner ? Should n't you be working at all ? Lab partner 's got this .
Pretty . - What the hell is this , underwear ? - No , it 's a camisole .
There must be a reason why he chose you . Can you think of anything ? Do you know him ?
So far , the pattern is no pattern . Hundred miles apart , male , female , different jobs , lifestyles . The latest DNA check on the blood tells us what , Alice ?
I 'm feeling mad inspired . I think I have an idea . There it is .
I mean , how have you been , after that video came out ? It 's been a little tough . A lot of people ...
They 're actually Codabar , an old system that they used back in the ' 70s . Milburn closed down more than eight years ago . These books came from there , so he came from there .
I 'm not . Wes , if I wanted to go shopping and talk about girly stuff , I could 've done that with Jess and Casey .
Good . Because I was hoping to take you to dinner . How about a little Dave Buster 's ?
She would be so proud of you , all this nosing around . Coming up on the anniversary . Is that right ?
Okay , here 's my offer . I will make sure you pass science if you help me with this . I mean , you got the easy part .
Of me ? Not of your next story , big headlines ? All you , all the time .
Let 's get started . Worst scenario is if you get seated at a table right across from each other . Okay , no one 's making out if they 're 3 feet apart .
Come on , open up . [ panicked breathing ] [ loud thump in distance ] Who is that ?
Okay , great . I ca n't believe you made all this sushi . This is like restaurant-quality sushi .
[ water running ] The victim was 57-year-old defense attorney Elliot Vincent . Police sources say the suspect bound and gagged
Case in point , young Sara . What if she 's the target instead of her father ? She brings the killer to the family .
Fine . Although I did hear Toby 's gon na be at the party tonight . Oh , like that would matter .
And it closed in 2000 . Where the hell did you get these books from again ? Look up why they closed .
`` to choose between losing his hearing or losing his fingers . '' How does a person do something like that ? You know , personally , I think I 'd rather lose my hearing and be deaf than lose my fingers , but the guy was a pianist , so a pretty raw deal either way , right ?
Triple Decka 1 K chumped by ol grill bustir JTRO ! Do n't be lookir all up at me like you know somethir , Q-tip . This nigga you eye balling , he 's straight street !
I 'm sorry . I tried the office , but no one answered . I was just leaving .
Absolutely not . The official story : '' The Milburn guards were cleared of all charges . '' But they closed the place anyway .
♪ ♪ A little less staccato in that last measure . Otherwise , very nice .
It was more like a barometer about how the choices that we make define us . What better way to understand how the mind works than by analyzing the most difficult choices we have to make ? He chose you .
We bringir booze back to the people from the underground . And we need your help . We ca n't take out L Dubba E and his bullshit ass shit alone .
I think I mean , this -- this man has a lot to say : - I have a lot to say :
You did it . BLT should be here any second . Where the fuck is L Dubba E ?
[ Camera Whirs ] So , go for it : Okay , I 'll start with a simple aerial : I was thinking more of a front handspring , back handspring , front handspring , back handspring , back handspring , front handspring , back handspring --
Who are you ? Shh -- It 's called a razor , You do n't exist according to a little thing called of the National Collegiate Cheer Association Bylaws :
Not good enough , Whittier : Meet me in my office -- 0800 : Is that the address ?
I repeat -- Do not urinate : on an original manuscript of The Canterbury Tales : located in the school library :
Really ? What kind of girl are you ? [ Laughs ]
I got dirt in my eyes . I said , I challenge you ! Problem is I do n't '' Beat-Beat '' bitches .
I 've been meaning to talk to you about that : Tina made a lot of sense in practice the other day : There is a big difference between individual dance moves
Awesome . Nice checkir a look at you . Yeah .
Tina slips : Tina falls and-and lands and she spends the rest of her life doing watercolors Do you want that to happen ?
Handing out all those towels has made my arms feel like I 'm too tired to point out how dumb that sounds : Hey , guys :
For real ! Are you sure you put the audition time Yes :
Good night then . - A little good night kiss . Are you crazy ?
Stop this ! This ca n't be our only option ! No , it is n't , it 's mine .
I 'll miss you and your beautiful family , but I 'll be visiting , just you try and stop me . Love to you all , Mother . '' `` Dear Mother , how many months has it been now ?
I 'll kill him ! - That wo n't be necessary , dear . Oh my Lord .
They 're not looking for that . A job like this needs initiative , observation ... .. interplay .
Would that be the music or the food . - I think , a bit of both . Ah !
The Masterplan ) Labour has come home to you , so come home to us ! Labour 's coming home !
So has anyone figured out the answer yet ? It 's not about the answer , it 's about the question . What is the question ?
I 'm assuming Dad does n't know about him ? Because I do n't think he should , I do n't think he should know anything . Right , Grace ?
I 'm not gon na talk to him . Is there anything in there , or is he happy to see you ? What have we here ?
( train horn ) Danny Boyle did a very clever thing . He brought all the Britpop luminaries and whoever in , ..... and asked them all to do songs for it and we just kind of did it .
They were planning to run away together . So you thought you 'd just kill them instead . Well , I could n't very well stand idly by , could I ?
One of the odder things about this whole twinning ..... of Britpop with lad culture , ..... um , is the fact that , um , ... .. people were scared ..... to talk about what it actually is that makes a rock star . An example of this is Liam Gallagher , ..... who , at various points , ..... looked quite androgynous .
And ... If you choose to leave the room for any reason ..... we 'll be disqualified . There must be some way to trigger these .
Morning . It 's sort of as we feared , the pond . I 've been chatting with the chaps at the Water Board .
`` Well , that looks like wine to me . '' `` Wine ! '' cries the Vicar , '' Good Lord , he 's done it again . '' That 's funny .
I 've got nothing in common with any of them . I do n't know anything about politics , do n't want to . Looks like a shit house , anyway , so why go there ?
Shit ! - Now can we get off the lighting ? - If you can provide a better alternative .
I forget the difference . Psychiatrists dispense drugs to control mood . I 'm a qualified student of human behaviour .
And he says : '' Have you been drinking , Reverend ? '' . And the vicar says , all innocent , like ... all innocent , like ... And the vicar says all innocent , like :
Antisense drugs , gene therapy , microsurgical applications . They announced a hiring freeze last year ! Everyone knows that .
I 've only heard the first few tracks , but from what I hear ..... it 's gon na be wicked , much better than the first two albums . It 's their best one yet . I think it 's the best album of this year .
Look , we have less than half an hour left and we still do n't know the question . He claims to know the question . Shut up !
And Petey 's doing very well , turning into quite a confident young man . '' Which reminds me of the time , an Englishman , an Irishman , a Scotsman , a Vicar , a Rabbi , and a Priest all walk into a pub , and the barman says : `` What is this , some kind of a joke ? `` ( Laughing )
.. or an article on a small band in the music press , or what have you , ..... it seemed like everything that had been done ... .. was , was finalised at Knebworth . That 's what it felt like .
Come . Relax , you 'll get it back Like I said , I think we can strike light off the list .
So there 's really just the one option . Yes , as he says , really there 's really ... just the one option . - Which is ?
* Would like to say to you * But I do n't know how Do you enjoy the celebrity ?
Where is it ? You still do n't get it , do you ? Let me spell this out for you .
And at the time you committed these acts , you were suffering from such an abnormality of mind , that it seriously impaired your responsibility . I therefore make an order for your detention ... in a secure unit for the criminally insane . Not to be free , until such time as the home secretary decides that your continued detention ... is no longer necessary for the protection of the public .
* And you 've got me * So reach for the stars * Climb every mountain higher
Which I wanted to talk to you about . - We will talk about it , we really will , but Grace has literally just arrived , and I was wondering ... - The tricks ...
He 's very dapper . I was a fool for a handsome fellow . I was young .
It 's all yellow . - Hold it up and let us see . If you 'll lend me a glove , I 'll oblige .
There was , like , this bloke ... There was this bloke who dressed ... The bottom half of him was female , ..... and the top half was male .
Forgotten what you said about him ? We 're not releasing him We 're saving his life ! I 'm afraid I ca n't do that !
I did n't complete my degree . Look , I just need something that 's a bit better than minimum wage that takes half a brain to do , you know what I mean ? Yes , but we 've been sending you on interviews .
Look on the bright side , brother If you start to convulse , we 'll know you 're telling the truth . Then we 'll gladly help you .
Perhaps that this music was foreshadowing something else . The thing about Parklife , it did capture that , sort of , ..... that sense of freedom you finally got when you left the fifth form . Just sitting around in parks , drinking cider and booting footballs .
One of the touch-and-go people , for a very long time , was Tony Blair . One of my jobs was trying to persuade people in Tony Blair 's office ..... that it would be a good thing , politically , ..... for Tony Blair to pose in the Vanity Fair Cool Britannia issue . And , um , that was extremely tough , ..... because , on the one hand , ..... the whole cultural phenomenon had occurred ..... under John Major 's premiership .
I made an educated guess . But you ... you know who the CEO is and what he 's like . How come ?
We 'd do jobs all over the country , but we also went international . Boys , good to see you busy . Fucking hell , boys .
I 'm not meant to speak . Would you like some tuscan salad ? Six months ago , Lily informed me that she was dropping out of law school , leaving her fiance , and moving into this ...
I 've got to do this on my own . Ca n't go scrounging off my sister every time things get a bit tough . [ Sighs ]
I respect you . I think you 've got the right idea . Know your worth .
You ca n't leave them all unresolved . I will not resolve with Ralph . I wo n't be left alone with that boy .
Get some credit-card cloning equipment that Robinson lent a firm up north . They 've held onto it a week longer than they should . He 's just getting a bit pissy about it .
It 's not a bribe . You told me a completely different story of who you were , where you came from . So ...
Where have you been ? - The show 's about to start . - Sorry , love , I got held up .
Fucking hell . [ Mike ] It was plain to see that people should n't get too greedy . Fuck .
Three times day ? Have n't you got anything else to do ? Have you ever tried being naked outdoors ?
And I seem to recall there were children in the original one . Well , Chekhov refers to lots of unseen characters . We decided if you do n't see them ,
Before you know it , she 'll be at her interviews , with or without subfusc . I 'm sorry , Celia , I ca n't help . She 's with the bonobos .
24 , well , no , 23 times ... One of them did n't turn up . What ?
You wo n't scare me off . I 'm allowed to talk to Lily today . [ Chuckles ]
Here you are . All very novel and interesting . So , I take it you 're not being paid .
[ Laughs ] [ Anita ] I 'd like family members to feel welcome here . [ Judith ] Oh , come on .
Um , but you made this place sound like heaven . Does Celia know you 're here ? No .
She ca n't talk to you yet . That light behind Lily is linked to her heart monitor . And your light is linked to yours .
right , but T. Think we should all do our own thing rather than try and be too unified . From what I 've read , there wo n't be a problem of style . Indeed not .
It is all related . The harder you push them , the more they resent you . Encourage Helen 's passion for Italian anymore , and she 'll end up clobbering you with that bottle of prosecco .
♪ icebox beautiful ♪ cool as a winter wave ♪ cool as the rocks in the drinks
Yeah , what 's that ? What 's your take on the 1988 FA Cup Final ? It 's important .
There 's not much more we can do . But I do n't want to ... Well ...
[ Ed ] Mike , I 've got ta say , mate , it % like you never left . Hn glad you Te settling back in . Listen , the Newcastle lot called me .
But ... I ca n't stay here with him . No , no , no .
No , I wo n't . I have a reputation to safeguard . Oh , do n't be such a prude .
Conflicts are rare . And when they do occur , they 're resolved peacefully . [ Phone beeps ]
I do n't fucking care ! - Well , you should care , Mike . I was fucking shot at today .
All that and more . - Imagine Barbara Cartland with whips and chains . - Oh , god .
Please do . When pubs disappear they never come back , right ? We can save our hallowed institution .
I was fucked . I was engaged to this guy that I never really liked . I was in this job that ...
You 're too young to understand . And so are you , young lady . I want to read auntie Zoe 's book .
You do n't make a band , a band makes you . It comes up and sweeps you along . Do you know what , I think it 's possible that all the truly great records have been made anyway .
More about Zoe 's book. `` Casting is underway for the film of the latest mummy porn phenomenon , 'love let her . ' fans of the book are already arguing over who should play the crucial roles of the ultra smooth headmaster and the object of his lurid fantasies . '' - I do n't believe it .
One , one and a half . So , then how can you proclaim him a deus ? A man needs only write one genius song , one song that lives forever in the hearts of the populous to make him forever divine .
I 've got the taste for money and fame and I intend to get very used to it . - [ Chris ] It 's all right , I 'm going . - Good .
Find that piece of you Charles . That piece , that does n't belong here . Hahh !
Because that 's what this is . So , why do n't we shut this thing down , then ? We would have ...
♪ I 'll take a little walk ♪ ♪ Nobody 's going to know ♪ ♪ I 'm in senior ward ♪
Well fuck me inside out ! Come in my dear boy , you 're just in time for cocktails . Luton calling ...
That does n't matter , no one knows anything except you . You 're the song writer , you 're the boss . So what do we do ?
Right . Yeah , before I forget , I did come into this world as Michael Peterson . But I go out with my fighting name .
♪ I 've had it with this , girl , I 've had it with you ♪ ♪ At least look at me when I say that we 're through ♪ ♪ And I 'm done ♪
Broadmoor Asylum for the Criminally Insane . I deserve to go to prison for what I did . I want my hotel room back !
Ah , well , you know , there is a room in my flat -- sort of a room , a bit of a room that 's free . - A bit of a room ?
That 's what we 're here , to find out . - I thought your men were watching them . - Why the silence ?
A bit . Like Tom Sawyer when he 's drunk . ♪
Contest 2 Program . A government initiative ... 60,000 civilians being trained , to deal with the terrorist threat . Everyone from shopping center managers , to security guards .
I got a librarian up here ! And he 's in a lot of trouble ! So I think you should send someone up to help him out , do n't you ?
Both . Then you know that the only option we have in Afghanistan , is pull out , or negotiate . Pull over here .
♪ I am the singer ♪ ♪ I am in the singer in the band ♪ ♪ You 're the loser ♪
It was madness at it 's very best . Problem is , once you get comfortable or sometimes even before , they ghost you again and again ... moving you from prison , to prison , to prison . And I fucking hate that .
I said , '' Yeah , about 30 times , they were always around , I was bored with them , '' but the mystique builds inextricably . Starting to think that both of us still being here is rather a kind of tired , bourgeois thing to do .
Informant ? We were told that al-Qaeda never use women . Every parasite adapts to its host and evolves .
And I suppose that was a prayer . After , did you feel any better ? I mean , a few days later I started feeling much worse .
I 've always dreamed of making a record . I 've always dreamed that I could place a small flag in the timeline of pop history . ♪
Alyana you can trust me , you know you can . The war on terror will escalate . Al-Qaeda defines our very existance now .
That 's not the point . It was from me for him and he would have gotten it . I do n't think so , and you could do better .
What have you got ? Well ... that 's entirely up to you ... Is n't it ?
♪ I run away ♪ ♪ They 're playing a decent song at last ♪ ♪ I think I 'll have to dance with Cassie'cause the dream boy never asked ♪
They wanted the attack to happen the whole time . I was just put there to make sure that Abdullah carried out their orders . You did what you had to .
Yeah , but you 've got no ambition . You know what I mean ? Look at this .
♪ The lover will lay down his sword and swear ♪ ♪ He do n't exist ♪ ♪ A brother to me when the chips were down ♪
How do we know , when the weapons arrive ? All I know , is that they 're being brought in by boat . I do n't know times , or dates .
You look ... What 's the matter , you alright ? Yeah , no , I 'm fine .
♪ And she is waiting for the sign ♪ ♪ And when her brother does not come ♪ ♪ And when the sister 's much too young ♪
DO N'T FUCKING MOVE ! Do n't call the police for 10 minutes . I wo n't ...
I do . You should talk to the police . I tell you what , we 'll go together .
You know , those guys are not going to go for someone playing and singing acoustic on an old tape . You 've got to make it easier for them . They 're not going to take a chance on some nutcase .
No , you listen ! Do you honestly want the deaths of hundreds of civilians on your hands ? Because that 's what this is .
Mm-hm . You should come with me some time . And what do you want me to do ?
This is Sergeant Hicock . Is there anyone here with you , Mr. Brown ? No , I 'm a widower .
Our way of life ... it 's over . It 's unsustainable and in rapid decline . That 's why we implement demand destruction .
Oh that 's better , go on . He was so worried that he might say something bad . That he said nothing at all for twenty years .
`` Call of Duty '' ? I heard you tried to teach my liquer man how to play . Well , you know ...
You 'll have to change it quickly . Do you think that was really enough ? More than enough .
I was assured that it would be stopped , at the eleventh hour . I did everything Turner asked . Why not shut it down , now ?
You did n't ask who you were supposed to have killed . Tell me about Mr. Attwell . Who 's that ?
Tricia ? I do n't know any footballers , sir . Well , it does n't have to be a footballer , it could be ... anyone .
I was a different man then . When I met my Kath I knew that all that stuff had to be locked away . I made that decision , all those years ago , and I stuck to it .
Nah . There 's not much use for your skill set in civilian world , is there ? So , Danny , your , uh ...
Community Policeman . Obviously there is no community here as yet , not to speak of , but you know ... Anyway the first thing to say is , these new houses and Christmas coming up .
Looking after number one . But as that plate went round with the sardines on They all got their own food out and started to share .
Traits of autism combined with synaesthesia , sensitive to a change in light and pattern . These can be gifts , of course , but they do come with some big challenges , socially and emotionally , which will stay with Nathan all of his life . But there is no question ;
Now it 's our turn to say goodbye to Sterling . This Christmas we are going to get the euro . Goodbye old pound .
Damian , where are you ? - My brother I 've got to go . I 'll come back .
Uh , hello . My name 's Martin Humphreys and I 'm an alcoholic . No , not really .
We played chess in the Barge pub . Was he distressed or concerned about anything ? No ...
I come in on the train . Could n't afford to live round here . Who exactly is paying for all this ?
What does '' fucking '' mean ? All in good time , son . Right then .
They 're very sorry . I 've sent them to bed . I want you to know that it wo n't happen again .
We do them in here . Dump them on the street . That way it 'll look like they got caught in the shit storm .
Whose prime factorisation is ? Two squared by seven squared . See ?
Yeah ? I want to do some business . I heard that Kenny , and you , were the men to see .
It 's mine . And you 're going to change it tomorrow . And that 's a good thing .
Well , we 'll get you signed in , shall we , eh ? Just a quick goodbye and then avanti . Oh , well , Nathan , darling .
Could n't afford to live round here . Who exactly is paying for all this ? We are .
`` Dear Mr Ellis , I am writing to let you know that unfortunately ... `` '' ... you have successfully earned a place on the United Kingdom maths squad ! '' Oh , my goodness !
God does n't rob banks , alright . God does not rob banks . Office .
Peters was convicted back in September and will serve at least 18 months in Ford Open Prison . Labour spokesman , Lindsay Rhodes , said the party had nothing more to say of what was a sordid and sorry case . Single mother , Karen Dobbs , was shot yesterday in front of her 2-year-old son .
What ? - Say , '' No , no , it 's resting . '' No , no , it 's resting .
Because he was poor after that . I wonder what he spent it on . Can we please loose the anachronistic bag ?
When I 'm around her , my brain works differently . And my body feels strange and I do n't know what it means or why it matters . Why it matters ?
An awful lot . I wonder what happened to it ? Because he was poor after that .
Oh , this is nice and cosy , Joseph ... and cosy Joseph ... I said this is nice and cosy Joseph . Damian ?
* Merrily , merrily , merrily * You make my life complete * Everybody wants to touch
It 's stuck in my teeth . You have a funny face . You do n't like it ?
Right , do n't sit at the front next to the driver , that 's my seat . Right , away you go , driver . Now , you are 16 of the cleverest young brains in this country .
Yeah , I 'm usually right , it 's a knack . Do you mind me asking ? Is the kettle actually on ?
I 'm just afraid to say them . I know that Tm strange in lots of ways . I think I see the world in a different way to other people .
John Major signed a peace treaty with Sinn Fein because the IRA 's violent actions forced him to . Gerry Adams changed from a terrorist to a politician but it was violence and legal action that forced the change . Not one lawyer was involved .
It 's all right being weird as long as you 're gifted . But if you 're not gifted , then ... That just leaves weird .
He knows I never would . That 's why he 's messing you around . He has n't got any boundaries .
You 're gon na be all right . Four hours and 30 minutes . You may begin .
You really got under my skin , and I have absolutely no idea why . I mean , you 're nothing to look at , are you ? So , in other words , your double-glazing millionaire 's left you ?
You know , law is not for me . I do n't want to be part of any hypocrisy . Look .
You 've not seen the inevitable that is coming at you . The inevitability of my actions . Who are you , hey ?
Is it not verily a law of nature that if they ca n't -- Law of nature that the weak must cease from breeding ? Filthy , unwanted mouths .
Seriously , Luke , what are you ? Well , what are you , Isaac ? `` I find everything so easy and I have everything .
It is n't time to be weak and emotional . We have no time for emotions now . Especially when your brothers and sisters are suffering .
There are ... There are eight prawn balls . I ...
You 're right . That does n't even convince me . Do you want a drink ?
What can you do for me ? We are here to remember Corporal Peter Walcott Tiernan , taken from us in the service of Queen and country in Afghanistan . He bravely answered his country 's call , and leaves a loving wife , Louise , his brothers , Ian and Daniel , and his mother , Margaret .
They may have tasted all right , but they 've been out for God knows how long . I mean , crawling with E. Coli and stuff . Lethal .
I said she could have my room . That 's very gentlemanly of you . Is n't that the right thing to do ?
Politics has had no impact on you . Look at Afghanistan , Iraq , Palestine . The list goes on and on .
I 'm fine . I ... saw you a couple of weeks ago , when I was with Alex . Really ?
If you need help , you can always find me . We stick together , all of us . Have you moved on , sir ?
'Fucking thing nearly got chewed up . ' I could see it coming . 'An animal can only take so much punishment and humiliation'before it snaps , fights back .
I think they 'll be impressed by the CV . I know it does n't show that many roles , but they 'll see from the amount of classes and workshops I 've attended that I have a real dedication . Alex , listen , I 'll have to talk to you later , babe .
Well , you 'd better make sure . Do n't want to turn up on the wrong day ! - I 'll change in there , eh ?
Until you stop the bombing , imprisonment and torture of my people , we will not stop . We have entered the realm of war , and I am a soldier . Until we feel security , you will be our targets .
She was a simple lady . Had this naive faith in people . Would forgive anyone for anything .
I 'm only using '' bus driver '' as an example . You could be a butcher , or work in a factory . Hello , I 'm Alex .
Paradise . It 's what you wanted , yes ? An unidentified , deceased male was found horrifically burnt in an abandoned warehouse in East London .
Thank you . What you doing stood way over here ? Thought I 'd stay out the way .
No one 's accusing you of anything . You just seem a little on edge about going . Well , I 'm not .
OK , use this . I 'm going to go first . You wait here for a few minutes and then follow me , OK ?
You 're just being silly . Do n't you have any friends who are n't gay ? Yeah , ' course I do .
We can go in round the back . We go in and take him . Shots to the head .
Bye , mate . Do n't say good night to me whatever you do . Freedom !
How many people were you gon na kill ? Just give me a second , please . Get on your fucking knees !
... Fought to be Kings of England . Now , when the Wars of the Roses ended , that was also the end of the Hundred Years ' War . Why were n't you angry ?
We all love you . I 'm going to hell , Joseph . - No , no , no , no .
I 'm not a hypocrite . I will not sit by while my brothers and sisters are being slaughtered . The path that has led me here has been littered with obstacles .
I do n't deserve you . - And I do love you so much . - It 's OK .
He 's a bit keen , your boy , is n't he ? A bit wet behind the ears , though . A drink ?
' I wanted it to soak into me and brighten me up . 'And I thought you were beautiful . ' I just wanted to look at you , that 's all .
♪ Mary loves the Grouse ♪ Hides the bottles round the house ♪ She watches chat shows and the soaps
Have McLeash run down a list of local stockists . Meantime , we 'd better have a word with friend Teddy . He might be in more of a mood to make himself useful this morning .
How are you ? Good to see you , good to see you . - Salam aleikum .
Especially Crisp . Well , you might have told me . Did n't know who could trust in my own nick , never mind a stranger .
You do n't know anything , girl . I feel safe with you . Nobody 's safe with me .
Police are treating ... There 's nothing we could have done . We were doing our job .
See if she 's been holding back . She might open up more to someone nearer her own age . Right .
They 're absolutely flying around the top bend . A great run from Lisa Temple . Coming towards the last change-over now
But if you keep digging around this spot , you 'll be taken off the case . Wonder what the papers would have to say about a Department of State obstructing a murder inquiry . Concealing evidence ...
.455 , standard army issue . Not entirely a fool , then . Not entirely .
The imagining of pain . But you , you do n't feel pain , Darius . You 're just a pretty boy trying to save his pretty little skin .
Yeah , but they do n't look like you . You know , you keep trying to run away but you 've got like Primark written all over you . So you are not who you are in the public arena .
You 're still ... Climbing the ladder of academe ? Oh , yes .
Shocked they allow you in the state . The DA asked me to prosecute the case . He gave me discretion to interpret the law .
Good morning , everybody . It 's 6 : 00 on Sunday morning , and the BBC Light Programme is beginning another day 's broadcast . Fierce fighting between North and South Vietnamese troops in Phuoc Long Province over recent days has come to an end following the arrival of American forces .
He was arrested by the police in a hotel room with a drugged and naked 15-year-old girl and a concealed camera . Dr. Hill was asked to do a psychological assessment after the military claimed Darius had PTSD because of his time in Iraq and was n't in control of his actions . Dr. Hill found no evidence of PTSD .
He just tried to kill himself . Well , obviously he did n't succeed . What did he do ?
Her outfit . If Lovell was this secret admirer , and we can find who sold it to him ... Well , we can tie him to Mary Tremlett .
But just hear me out here , okay ? That race yesterday , it meant nothing . It was an exhibition .
I 'm telling you , if it were n't for them rules , I 'd have climbed him like a tree already . ... You know what I 'm saying ?
My What ? We thought '' grounds of ill health . '' Spare everyone 's blushes .
So she rushes into the water , she drags it out , and starts giving it mouth-to-mouth and CPR and everything . Then another body comes floating by , so she drags that one out and tries to save that one as well . Then a third body is carried down the river .
Very well . Well , if you remember anything else ... Of course .
Did he ? Alex , there 's someone at the door . Do n't go away .
So you are not who you are in the public arena . You become more who you are , the more pr/ vats you get . So I kick back , play my position and try listen
I 've spoken to Mrs. Stromming , sir . 8 : 16 they were in church . Her and her husband both .
That 's me . Do n't you want to know if you 're sick ? I 'm not sick .
Yeah . I hear you have n't got a coach . Why do n't you tag along with Lisa and I for the day ?
He guessed she was taping him , and he came looking for the cassette . Why did n't she just give it to him ? She was protecting you .
It feels great . Today they listened to me . Swish !
Oh , look on their sorrows and weep They do n't get a moment 's reflection There 's always a cloud in their eye
Well , considering she missed last year altogether , I 'm impressed . It looks like Lisa 's got a rival . That will be good for her .
On your marks . 50 , ante again , the stadium goes quiet for this final of the women 's 200 metres . Set ...
This is totally absurd . I 've never taken illicit substances in my life . - Not for the last 20 years .
... My goodness . The British team 's emotions are getting the better of them here . There 's a fight on the track between the British three and four ,
I 'll do anything , man . I 'll just go in there and give them the gun straight . Give him the gun ?
Gang 's all here . - We even have little Claire . - Happy birthday , Daddy .
And of course , we 've got the Ukraine in there , we 've got the Jamaicans . We 've got the world 's very best relay teams . What 's she doing on the third leg ?
But there 's still hope for our female sprinters . Before we go trackside for the 100 metres final , let 's take a quick look at what golden girl Trix Warren had to say about the race . Buzzing .
Because it 's very risky . Bigger chance of dropping the stick . Yeah , but if it 's faster ...
And you 're telling me this is the guy ? This is the guy that discovered Naomi Campbell ? He did not discover her .
But you lot stopped me for no reason . Well , not sure if you knew you had a low tyre there . How can you see my front tyre from the back ?
Well , we all hear voices . Is this going anywhere , Mr. Decosio ? I think the court has a right to know that Dr. Hill has medical problems of his own .
♪ Kirby ai n't his dad But he does what he says ♪ Stays downstairs in the cellar with Trev ♪ While Kirby 's upstairs Giving Janet her meds
No , less than an inch , which implies the need to inflict pain and suffering . It 's not a frenzied attack- not , again , the typical response of an enraged husband . And third , the children .
And the climate oppressively cool Give me one acre of cellos Pitched at some distant regret ... It 's a bit difficult , though , innit ?
Well , Johnny wo n't ignore my call . ♪ Ca n't give you any more of my love ♪ ♪ I ca n't give you any more of my love ♪
Go on ! Your mother was a prostitute ! Listen to me !
Yes . But he married somebody else . Dickhead .
♪ ♪ You think you can see so far ♪ ♪ Into your brain ♪
Just give the man some time . - Well , how long do we wait ? I 'm already cleaning up after Don and the fucking American .
He 'll be fine ? You need to believe that , Mr. Barber ? Come here , you fuck !
♪ And I 'll know his secret name ♪ ♪ And tell him about the nighttime ♪ ♪ The gentle accent moves me forward ♪
put it through , go on Keep trying to phone , Chum Hallo
No . I have n't seen him for ages . - Well , mind if I wait ?
please what are you gon na do to me ? do your Mum and Dad smoke ? my Mum 's dead my Dad did
And , Detective , you want to tell me where you 're taking my client ? - Done something to your hair , Sal ? - Detective ?
Go in there . Stay there , do n't open the toilet to anyone . Please , you do come back.-Yeah ,
'cause Derek told me you had to Do you know ... where this place is ? i 've heard of him
I got ta go speak to Caren . - You 're leaving me on my own ? I 'll only be 5 minutes
come on why do you wa n't me to go ? you just stay there what about the money ?
Who the fuck is this Skinner ? Well , I do n't know , Frankie boy , but I think maybe he just came around to set us up . You promised me Don Barber on a fucking plate , and since then , all I 've had is grief .
just have to see someone for me who ? just a friend , Kelly will go with you and all right ? you spend an hour with him , i 'll give you 100 quid why ?
♪ After night ♪ ♪ In boundless night ♪ ♪ He calls my name ♪
I 've heard he 's a superstitious twat . We grew up just a few streets apart in Middlesbrough ... close to Ayresome Park . He 'll have known my street , Valley Road .
I told you , no Now , go on have a sleep - I am not tired
Thank you . I 'm the best old one too . I also did it ... under the assumption ... that you would be coming here wanting the best for this club .
what 's going on ? - i do n't know stay quiet where 'll be going ?
Considered me beneath you , looked down on me , dismissed me ... just like you did every other club and every other manager . Never would I knowingly refuse to shake a colleague 's hand . No .
Man : I TOLD HER NOT TO PACK HER PERSONAL SHOP -- TIM , THIS IS AMAZING .
PLEASE LET ME IN . I DO N'T HAVE MUCH TIME . I 'M SORRY .
O'Hare up front . It 's the skewer , is n't it ? In the shish kebab .
I 'M FASHIONABLY LATE , AS USUAL . - IT 'S GREAT TO SEE YOU . - YOU TOO , SWEETIE .
WAS IT YOU , PETE ? YOU NEVER COULD RESIST HIS PUNGENT , NOT TO SAY HIRSUTE CHARMS . I CAME TOP OF HIS CLASS IN THAT-
AND HE CA N'T GET IN UNLESS WE LET HIM . IF YOU 'RE NOT GOING TO OPEN THE DOOR THEN I WILL . YOU WILL NOT .
YOU 'RE BETTER OFF IF YOU STICK TOGETHER . AND YOU 'LL BE BETTER OFF IF WE 'RE TOGETHER . LOOK , ONLY ONE OF US NEEDS TO GO .
ANDY , NO . YOU SHOULD STAY HERE WITH LUCY . IF SOMETHING GOES WRONG , YOU 'LL BE OF MORE USE THAN WE WILL .
For the city of Leeds . So why do I get the feeling this is all about you and Don ? Of course it 's just about me and Don .
HE 'S RIGHT . IT WOULD BE BETTER IF YOU TWO STICK TOGETHER . WE 'LL BE FINE IN HERE .
I DO N'T KNOW HOW TOM PUTS UP WITH THIS ONE . HOW LONG HAVE YOU AND TOM BEEN GOING OUT ? HOW DID YOU KNOW ABOUT ME AND TOM ?
However , the Football Association has to be seen to make an example . We have therefore decided to impose a fine of 500 pounds . Thank you .
Effectively , we were playing the Italian champions with a reserve team . Many of my first team are injured thanks to the brutality of Leeds United . This happens when you have a chairman ... who authorises a multi- million- pound refurbishment of the Directors ' Box ... and hospitality suites before he pays for a proper squad .
OH , SHUT UP . AND THERE 'S HIS 18th , REMEMBER ? WHEN WE GOT HIM THAT STRIPPER .
YOU MAKE THAT SOUND LIKE AN INSULT . WELL , CAN YOU EXPLAIN IT TO ME ? - YES .
SO HOW 'S BEING COMPLETELY MAD WORKING OUT FOR YOU , LAURA ? SHE THINKS THAT TOM WAS POSSESSED OR SOMETHING , AND ... WHEN TIM KILLED HIM , HE BECAME POSSESSED AS WELL .
OTHERWISE YOU 'RE SLEEPING IN HIS ROOM TONIGHT . WHAT MAKES YOU THINK THAT WAS N'T THE PLAN ANYWAY ? MY BED IS ALWAYS OPEN TO YOU , TOM .
Do you find it difficult , Peter , to get a word in ? - He 's quite a good talker , is n't he ? - Yeah .
NOT PETE , NOT DAMIEN . WE DO N'T KNOW WHAT IT IS . WE DO N'T KNOW WHAT WE SAW .
SO , IT 'S OFFICIAL THEN . DAMIEN IS NOW POSSESSED , AND IS DETERMINED TO KILL US . AND THERE 'S NO WAY OF KILLING HIM , BECAUSE THEN WE WILL BECOME HIM .
WOW , A BOOK IN A LIBRARY . NEVER SEEN ONE OF THOSE BEFORE . I 'VE ALWAYS WANTED TO DO THAT .
Erm , and regardless of what all my family seem to think , the sexual abuse was from somebody they knew . I do n't know whether she did n't believe it or she just did n't want to believe it , but she still left me in a position where it got repeated again . Can I forgive her ?
And he wanted to take me for the weekend . I think we were all shocked when he turned up . He asked Andrea if he could take her , you know , for the day , and she said no .
I was living in a hostel . I had various different partners . I moved from the hostel and I managed to go into a young persons ' project .
He were as good as gold . But what Lorraine did say , `` You 've got to put six bottles in his cot at night cos if you do n't , he 'll wonder what 's going on . ''
Oh , dear , oh , dear . - Let 's see where we both are in 5 . That 's it for tonight .
Leeds have got what they deserved . They 've taken the FA Cup for the first time . Domarski coming up square , number 10 .
If you lot do n't perform for us , I 'll feed you to these guys , all right ? - Who 's got the prettiest face here ? - The one in the middle .
Erm , the baby went into my fallopian tubes . Then he kept beating me up , so it must have just come out through the beatings . And , erm , then he got a screwdriver and abused me with a screwdriver , internally as well as physically , and then raped me and when I sat up the baby came out .
Erm ... And I heard it from upstairs . Came running down .
Today 's about your mother and all these people that knew her . It 's not about Terence and Brendan . - I hardly know any of them
You ca n't say you love two kids more than another . She did n't write a play for about seven months . She did n't want to know anything .
I love you . Want to say something back ? Nope .
There was a guy in the house with me all day . I had to man the phones , give out my description , take them upstairs , do the business , let them go , give the man his money and I 'd keep my money . I used to make hundreds .
Look ... I do n't need a response to what I said earlier . I 'm just glad you 're here .
Mildred . - Thank you so much for coming . - No , please .
He went to bed , Harris went to sleep , obviously . I think in the morning , when she woke up , I do n't know , but you can presume , she wanted to go to sleep , he 'd obviously wanted to get up . Somebody 'd heard her downstairs shouting at Harris ,
And he used to make sure Harris had everything , make sure I had everything . Cigarettes , food in the cupboard , blah-di blah-di blah ... In the back of my head he was a client , but he was n't , if you know what I mean .
And I 'm ... I 'm very , very happy , and ... I think you 're quite right .
Every day . We used to say , '' I do n't know how you do it . A young lass like you . ''
They did make you feel welcome though . They were friendly people , but ... It 's like me Uncle Tony , he used to be one of the ones that used to sit round the fire and have a drink and they 'd throw potatoes on it and stuff like that .
He keeps everything in there , old school . Do n't trust no one with it . He does n't even spend none of it if he does n't have to , either .
Look , what 's happened ? Oh , you 're a good person , are n't you ? William , what 's this about ?
And then I 'm inside . And insider jobs are so much safer than going into the unknown . Are n't they , copper ?
Well , I do n't know , copper , you tell me . Look , I 'm not expecting you to go charging in there tonight on my say so , am I ? Well , that 's very kind of you .
I 'm sorry . I 've been meaning to do this for a while now . But I 'm nearly done .
VICAR : I remember how very proud she was when William gave up his studies to take over the running of the firm . Shawcross and Son are that rare breed who serve the community , not Mammon and making profits ,
Even like this ? It 's the face , is n't it ? It 's not what you wear or how you behave , it 's what you look like
Good day to make money . I nod and smile in all the right places . I feed his ego .
Me little finger sticking out and everything . Oh , that 's lovely , that is . I 'll have a cup for you , how 's that ?
Because copper is one metal that is easily bent . And once upon a time ... Well , that 's a pisser .
Who else could there be ? Well , I do n't know , copper , you tell me . Look , I 'm not expecting you to go charging in there tonight on my say so , am I ?
Do n't play innocent . You know why he 's here . - I do n't
That is such a dreadful tie . Yes , it is , is n't it ? My mother gave it to me .
William ! So nice to meet you . MRS SPALDING :
Let 's ... play this down , OK ? I mean , I want to help them , not ... You know what I mean , no knee-jerk stuff .
Me and Leroy 's be tight , yeah ? He doing me a favour proper , you understand ? Sure , of course .
Which is , you know ... even a surprise to me . I 'm not even sure ... how ... Hit ...
He lay in a somnolent posture , with the side of his face to the bars . Now , Albert had heard about lions , how they were ferocious and wild . When he saw Wallace lying so peaceful , well , it did n't seem right to the child . ''
I 'm just a little girl . And little girls like toys . You okay , Jimmy ?
Asshole . As you can fun , boys . You want me to fix your big truck ?
Then we finish off with atrip to Southend . We stay the night , get back in town Saturday afternoon . Southend 's the last one ?
It 's a six-incher , so it 's a big improvement for you . Plus , you 'll be needing it . Does it hurt ?
You 'll regret this . - You learn to swallow it . I learn many things .
Oh , I 'm , um ... I 'm calling them '' photographs , '' sir . Photographs .
Now I want to ask you something . Where do you fine people ? - Why ?
I ca n't believe this . Six years in the Donegal Militia , and I never got a scratch . And three hours as a grave robber , and I get shot in the arse .
I think this is too small . It 's just a temporary place . Who are you ?
And no artist can guarantee that . No illustrator or painter , I agree . So how on earth do you propose to achieve it ?
Your money is waiting for you tonight . If you think you are good enough . And , have you been nervous ?
Indeed . Rest assured , my Lord , my Lords , that the city can rely on me . That 's settled , then .
Julie , everything will be fine . - Point that gun at me . It will be okay .
No , no , we need someone to swing for these crimes , but no trial . The city will gladly show its gratitude for your delicate handling of this affair . In fact , in a city of this standing , surely the militia should be commanded by a-a Major .
What are we gon na do , William ? There 's no more canals to dig . Do n't you worry , Willy .
If they fight like Sorin , keep it up . This would be the land of unlimited opportunities . They give you a nice house , a car , even a TV .
I 've got it , I 've got it ... honour of my best friend , from now on this shall be called ... `` ' Burking . ''
I can not marry . If it is a boy , You can call him Sonny . Okay ?
All right . I 'll grant you she 's had her problems with the bottle , but she 's fighting her demons . Besides she 's bound to be in high spirits .
I mean deceased . He stopped living and died . So he did n't pay his rent , then ?
Honey , get it right . After me , there are many people who fight to keep this country great . Why ?
Bravo . Lord Harrington , having weathered the storm of the West Port murders was later forced to resign after Colonel wee Tam McLintoch 's racy private memoirs were a publishing sensation . But the real star turned out to be
I only bought one . - You did not buy anything . What 's your name ?
The smallest cut , ladies and gentlemen , can let in poisons from the earth and the air , and before you know it , your very brain starts to boil . But a touch of the moss from the hills of Donegal , ladies and gentlemen , and it 's gone in a flash . A boil appears .
You does not care about quality . Nobody cares for it yet . Do you think someone a favor ?
The King has decided that , in his wisdom , he will create a competition to further the progress of medical science . Accordingly , His Majesty has decided that during his visit , he will listen to presentations from Scotland 's leading physicians . Whomsoever he determines has made the greatest advances in the field of medicine , will be awarded the Royal Seal and a handsome monetary reward .
Zaf , can you hear me ? I do not want bruised boxer the wedding pictures . Zaf does not look like a boxer .
Me , too . - Oh , I want us to be together , Willy . - Tonight ?
There happens to your brother anything . Your money is waiting for you tonight . If you think you are good enough .
I mean , look at the state of them . The only people round here looking to be enlightened are the medical students . They come to study at the feet of our famous doctors .
If you can not dance , or if you 're ugly ... you work in the sauna . - You can not hold us . Look at me .
It 's bloody hard work , that 's what it is . People are starting to notice , you know . There 's all kinds of crazy rumours flying around the West Port .
It sounds insane . Get me out of here quickly . Inside .
' I know it takes two to tango . ' I know you 're vexed at the leaders of the Western world . 'Well , I 'll be writing to them , too . '
Fast . Do n't tell me she charged you for the night . She is an actress , not a whore .
And we find ourselves with more than one area of mutual interest . You need to learn when to leave well alone . To not take what is n't yours .
I will find every piece of your heart that has been blown to smithereens and I will put it back together again . And it will probably take a long time , but then I 'm a patient man . And , above all , I 'll be your friend .
180 miles an hour ? - Gosh , I never knew you knew cars . Just goes to show , you do n't know anything about me .
I do n't like it . I do n't know anyone there . And I have to meet my dad .
Just that it 's the morning and we 're away somewhere in a caravan , and er ... And the sun 's pouring through the window and we 're lying in bed ... and we 're miles from London . And you can see those little specks of dust glowing in the air above us .
I would 've died that day if I had n't met you . But I need to understand why this happened . There 's a man in the footage of the crowds ... and I think he 's one of the bombers .
Mummy ! I ca n't come with you now . 'My grandma took me to see the monument of the Fire of London , 'and then we took the boy .
'What on earth ? I 'm not sure if you can still hear me ... 'Something quite catastrophic has happened here ... '
It was 28th April . It was 4 days and 12 hours . That 's how long I had left of him ... both of them .
I 'm sorry , we do n't have them . I can order them for tomorrow . Thank you .
Oh , nice . 0-60 in 5 seconds flat . You could take her up to 170 , 180 .
Gosh , I never knew you knew cars . Just goes to show , you do n't know anything about me . I would n't say that .
That squash bag you cart around with you on your days off . I must find out where I can get one . 'There 's a lot of things we got in common these days , Osama .
The message was that a football ground would be targeted by a suicide bomber . We did n't know which one . If we 'd stopped every game , then panic ...
He 's going into number 40 , Compromise Avenue . I need help right now . You 're not one of our regular boys .
It 's weird . When I was , like , 15 , all I wanted to do was get older . And now I am .
You did nothing wrong . I try to raise you on my own . I work every hour God send me to provide for you .
I do n't really work with man like you , you know . See what Dabs has to say about this . - Who are you ?
I done my fucking time . - What 'd you come to me for ? - Have you seen my mum anywhere ?
I saw him on my way over . I 'll drive you there right now . You can knock him out , Sean .
What did you do when you were six ? I was an angry kid . I used to get into fights , break things , shit like that .
Thank you . Ms. Wakefield , I will have to call ... I will have to call Child Welfare if you do n't talk to me !
Does your mama know ? Talking about this , the fucking ... Shit !
Listen , I need a tow truck in the parking lot . Some lady parked in my brother 's spot . Mmm-hmm .
I always thought I 'd find a great guy , have him take care of me , raise a family , live happily ever after . I kind of figured out along the way that I like taking care of myself . You 're the only woman I ever wanted to marry , have a family with , you know , it was just you .
Yeah , now . Give me another 20 minutes . It 's like that now , huh ?
You 're not the first committee to sit at a table and tell me ... I deserve to be an outcast . And maybe you 're not the last .
♪ Stand with the families ♪ Pull to sounds of the band from Atlantis ♪ ♪ One lovely day , one lovely day ♪
♪ A crowd full of performers lining up in front of me ♪ ♪ Open mic signing up in front of me ♪ ♪ Because they wan na be
You 're very welcome . You know , it 's really late . Yeah .
Huh ? - Yo , come on , man , it ai n't like that . Yeah , fuck it is like that , Chris .
WOMAN : Three months ago , the prisoner was involved in an altercation in the shower room where another inmate was stabbed with a homemade weapon . Well , well , well , there was some other --
Goodness . This is my friend Heidi and her husband John ... - Who is she ?
Oh , yes , he will . And you will find some way to try to sabotage it . Where are you going ?
We get 100 little shits like you , transferred from youth corrections every year . Now , you got two problems . One , you done all your time so far with kids , instead of real cons .
Please . How old is your daughter ? Six .
♪ Where there 's time for you and I ♪ ♪ Together we can walk to the river ♪ ♪ Stand with the families
Or a gallon of gas . When 's the last time you worried about paying a bill ? Ariel .
It was the constant reminder we were n't gon na make it . Seeing her putting more and more hours to pay fewer and fewer bills . Busting her ass trying to work a system that had let her down from day one .
Am I a project for you , Wesley , is that it ? You gon na fix me up , so that you can feel whole ? Mmm-mmm .
Then you got ta be smart . Stop doing 90 with a trunk full of drugs . I 'd rather die young than just coast through life without ever stepping up .
I guess . Now , about helping out around the farm , what exactly does that mean ? This is gon na be tight .
♪ Only once in a lifetime ♪ Baby , we was born ♪ Maybe we were born
He could put us up for a little while , I think . Nothing great , but it would be , you know . So what do you think ?
Mom , now look , what 's going on ? I wanted to see you . You insisted on inviting your brother .
We talkin ' about James , the pussy . James , who was less than a man , and turned his back on his brothers . You walk down that street ...
All right . I 'll talk to you later . All right , yeah .
It is , uh , pretty evident he ca n't afford to support him . You sound pretty sure about this . I know it , man .
Hatchet Sally . My girl here 's got no teeth . The fuck kind of fucked-up party was this ?
Well , I ... I 'm doing both shifts and I figure that I could be gone in a month ... No , that 's not what I mean to say .
It does n't feel that way from here , son , from here it feels like you 're busy trying to please him . What , you still admire the man ? I did .
I know I fucked up , baby , but I 'm sorry . Do n't know where you are . I 'll find you , so help me God ...
I can not believe the two of you are finally getting married . Do you have any idea how much your mother and I have wanted this for the two of you ? Yeah .
I survived . Arkady Federov is in Belgrade right now for an energy conference . Find out where he 's staying .
Fuck off , Joan . I do n't ask about you and Ivan . Stay out of my life .
No , fuck no . I just met him yesterday . You girls need anything ?
You know , if it 's any consolation , it was your boy , Mason , who brought Lucy in for me . I just thought , well , you should be proud . He did good , did n't he ?
Thanks . No , I do n't mean by your mom . She 's very attractive .
I said , '' I already know all those things about him . But it 's nice to hear it . '' I remember what else I was gon na say .
How many of them did you fuck before you strangled them ? You know , I knew from the first moment I saw you , too . You 're nothing more than a cheap whore !
Am I worth saving ? He 's not answering your question , is he ? !
All we got ta do is gas up my truck . All right , well ... here 's to erasing all our pasts sins - and making some new ones .
Living my life . What 's in Peter Devereaux 's life ? Simple things .
Why is she doing this ? She helped you kill them ? All of them ?
Who are you ? I 'm the gift from Simi Denisov . What 's this for ?
Reminds me of my second novel , End of the Line . - A rock-star character in that . - I love that novel .
I just did n't think you 'd hook up with him . It 's not like I planned it . One thing just led to another .
After you left , she got very close to Federov . But she wants to come in . She has something on him .
Ivan and I came to see your show . Do n't treat us that way . You think you hate me , but I know you do n't .
Okay , look . Just in case you have n't already picked up on it , my father and me , we do n't exactly get along . As long as I do my share of the work , he leaves me be , and he lets me do my thing .
And ... And we 'd get to the squid and the whale , and she 'd describe it for me . Which was ...
Ca n't even tell what the person ever looked like . Only way to know who he ever was is by the teeth . That is , if they can find any .
Where am I ? Come on , Mason , where am I ? The call is being broadcast through this phone .
Shut up . - Lf you want me to explain , I will . - I do n't wan na hear it .
Where 's the rest of the road ? Mirabelle , have you had contact with any strangers lately ? Oh , yes .
The guy 's gon na be the next Russian president . What 's this got to do with me ? Natalia .
I dunked my head in that pond in the park . The one near the zoo ? Oh , sweetie , that 's filthy .
What are you talking about , the maps ? What are you telling me , it 's not real ? Of course it 's real .
Ambassador , I 'm gon na need your clothes . We believe there may be an attempt on your life this morning . Target is male , Caucasian , 35 to 40 .
I thought it went well . You told me she said I was hilarious . Do n't be difficult .
Right . How will you split evenly with seven days ? I 've got you Tuesday , Wednesday and Saturday and every other Thursday .
You okay ? Can you feel your legs ? Come on , we got ta move .
Next month , I think . It 'll be weird having two writers as parents . Yeah , well , Dad influenced her .
One turtle would 've made a difference . You live in Park Slope , right ? My mom does .
Okay ? Okay , you 're gon na follow this line till it gets to ... Till it gets to this circle , okay ?
Everything ... We 'll go over it tonight . Just waiting for your mother .
A lot has changed in a very short time . What were you doing a week ago ? Living my life .
It 's just blood . I think we 'll stop here for today . Contact values at 9-8-47-91-72 .
Subject 's nearing extraction location . Sir , we have an issue . - Who ?
We 're a small organization . - Let me get my Dictaphone . There was one girl , Mira .
It 's gon na be fine . Do n't worry about your glasses . Okay , I 'm gon na give it to you spatially .
I 'm terribly sorry that we have to meet in such terrible circumstances . I never met my Uncle Anthony . He 's American .
And I sleep right there , and I have a little kitty . Your brother , your mother and your kitty . Yeah .
She 's just pain . I promise that she is well again in a couple of weeks . Do not promise anything .
I really would not that you travel . - Promise me you will not forget me . - People are the bad shit on promises .
Absolutely . And now if you 'll excuse me , I 'm going to the casino . Are n't you taking him ?
All extremely contagious . Have you had any contact with them , James ? What are you doing in my house ?
He 's not here . We 'll take a look and then we 'll go . Let 's go find him .
A charge ? And then I totally weird in the stomach , - - And I have to ...
Haley , look , I 'm sorry . It 's just , I 've been distracted . I think you 're getting ready to make a big speech .
I do not bite . - I just thought that with Wes . - Do not worry about him .
Miss Glick , you mean there 's still a chance ? You have until 11 : 00 a.m. tomorrow . -- Now come on .
Is Beth with you ? Then you must let me know . must know where she is .
They say desk work and time clocks and not much of a night life . Your shoes are brown too . - Precisely !
See you , Beth . Get her downstairs , and take care of her . Come here .
And I am the only woman who will ever make you happy . Let 's not throw that away , Tony . Especially now .
I got ta go . Jonah , hold on a second . Jonah !
It looks like you have talent . I want to have simple , clean lines . Draw what you see .
I 'm much better already . How many accidents have there been in your life ? Pardon ?
♪ A universe not strange ♪ ♪ All the meaning in the world ♪ ♪ Would still have no meaning at all ♪
I do not think that 's what they do . - No , but he is a great artist . Give him a chance .
This might be all right , Uncle . Can I sit on your lap ? Oh , no !
My card . Miss Annabel Glick , legal associate , Universal Dog Home of Brooklyn . We were your uncle 's favorite charity .
What happens if one of my kids dies ? Anyway , it all sort of gets into the sex . It 's complicated .
There with the married woman . She has only one child . It 's not mine .
[ Porter ] Mr. Crowley ? I 'm a friend of Caroline 's . I was hoping you could help me .
Even though technically I could win on an appeal . Miss Glick , you mean there 's still a chance ? You have until 11 : 00 a.m. tomorrow .
What 's she doing here ? Harry , are you listening to me ? Take the heart-shaped box and hide it in a safe place .
You can do this here . It 's a waste of time to drawing . It can already .
You know , you were right . Opportunity really only does knock once . ♪ For me you 're a lock ♪
Go home , Susan . Your son is cute and sexy and have talent . Once you are off you go for him , he is unstoppable .
look into her eyes for a few minutes longer . It broke me up to say goodbye . I kissed her , told her I loved her ,
Your son is cute and sexy and have talent . Once you are off you go for him , he is unstoppable . Now you hear anything else .
I do n't have an appointment , but I have to talk to you right now . Rita , Rita , this is Mr. Loomis . Mr. Loomis , this is my sister , Rita .
Anywhere else , this house should be mundane . But in Manhattan , it was a miracle . My family slept inside , safe from the dangers of these dark streets , secluded too from the world of Caroline Crowley and her famous dead husband , who could not enter this sacred place , unless , of course , I brought them home with me .
I 'm good . - I 've even gone to college . - A drawing courses can not hurt .
Details do not escape me . It seems I ca n't escape you either . That is correct .
So , Biaggio , what do you do ? I met a dog the other day that taught me how to die . ( Joe clears throat )
Two ... - It was nice knowing you . - Three .
Now you call off your goons right now . You have a 24-hour grace period , Mr. Wren . How about that ?
Have you had your prescription checked recently ? I will give you three seconds to tell me what you 've done with him . Uh , I 've taken him shopping , para-sailing ...
But I did n't call the police because I knew Simon would be pissed if I did . Three days went by , and it was pretty clear then that something was wrong . Look , Caroline ... [ scoffs ] ... if the police ca n't figure out how or why Simon died ,
He said he never really had a chance to live . What do you mean he never lived ? What about me ?
$ 80 to $ 100 in food and housewares is missing . From the Toy house , we are down a tool set , grill utensils and about $ 240 in cash . Now , I presume we 're not pressing charges .
♪ ... my watch stick ♪ ♪ Still smiles when ♪ ♪ My mind ticks ♪
Oh , bless his heart , he tried . Well , at least he hung on through the state playoffs . Hey .
I experienced a childhood on the planet Earth , so ... yes , I 've heard of that one . Do you think you can apply it to my situation in an allegorical fashion ? Okay .
It was only a matter of time . You scare me when you say that . - I 'm sorry .
I 'm trying to understand , but I ca n't . I 'm supposed to go first , not her ! I was always ready to go first .
I 'm surprised at you , talking about your kin like that . You know what they say . If you ca n't say something nice about somebody , come stand next to me .
as if I alone were not responsible for the wreckage to my marriage . Maybe to see her in her new life would bring me some kind of closure . Maybe I 'm just feeling stupidly sentimental , like the asshole that I am .
Oh , I just love the idea of someone with a past . She ca n't be more than 19 . She has n't had time to get herself a past .
I guess I agree with that . Might be a little small . One , two , three , four , five .
May I see ? Good God , it 's , uh , far too embarrassing . Please .
And I knew that the only way was through his gatekeeper , Campbell . I was now past being afraid of what my desperation could do . - Oh !
Because your ladies get only the best ? Because I have a philosophy that I 've stuck with for 15 years . There is no such thing as natural beauty .
This is an artist 's projection of what he might look like now . The beard may be a little full . FRANK :
This is really amazing , Joe . I mean , I had no idea how talented you were . I mean , of course , I suspected , but ...
That 's enough . This is an award for you at some luncheon ... but I 'm here every day . You win , you 're out the door .
( GUN FIRES ) Thurman , Thurman , get back here ! Yes , I need to speak to Myrtle .
There 's no room here . Yeah , well , I lived in the East Village . I do n't need a lot of room .
So , you know , it 's just some dumb superstition I have . If you do n't want to do it , that 's fine . But ...
Oh , it 's good to see a pretty girl at the starting gate just as I 'm crossing the finish line . There are still good times ahead , Miss Clairee ! The season 's coming .
KELLY : This is so great , Joe . ( laughter )
That was good . But did I sound like a good father ? But it 's an outgoing message ... so I think you need to sound a little more outgoing .
AII right . For the whole world to see . Whole world , now , baby .
7 , 8 , 9 . 9 , 10 , 1 1 , 12. quick .
with yourself ? With your instincts , with nature ? This ... this masculine ?
Jackson told Wyatt he was n't my best friend anymore . Could we possibly talk About this when I get home ? Willy ?
My God ! - Just pay the poor guy . - GARY :
Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . Save it for the battlefield , son . Look what we need is a weapon of mass destruction .
Eat shit , Toy ! I can lend you a shirt . I 've got like five in my locker .
I have incredible focus . You should see his hands . So quick .
You would be a good mother . Do you tell good stories ? - I got stories up the wazoo .
( SIGHS ) Miss M'Lynn , it should make you feel better that Shelby 's with her King . Yes , Annelle .
She just let him be . Something about his innate sense of menace seemed to charm her . Now it 's just the two of us .
I hate you ! Will you not be mad at me for one second ? Because I want to tell you one thing , OK ?
Let me see you just . Push it up , push it up . Let me see you just .
They 've got to remove two ribs to get at my kidney . Well , the supermodels do it all the time . OUISER :
We 're out in the woods . There 's no time in the woods . Let 's go exploring .
This is the end of this for me . Your teacher told me you 're a wonderful artist . So I was thinking maybe --
in your barger system . - Yeah , but we do not run on a barter system . That 's not the point .
Interview with the intimates , Maybe coverage of the legal proceedings against her . Lulu thinks ...
And I 've never told anybody that before , so you must be good . Um , okay , well , I guess my other influences are the Zombies , The Left Banke ...
They 're going to put Randy on the stand tomorrow first ... and then you . They 're a very nice couple . And she 's pretty , and they have a nice house ... and she 's smart , too .
You can tell the truth . Is n't it true that very deep down inside ... you know you need much more than your daddy can give you ? All you need is love .
I did n't have to use his fucking soap . I thought maybe , by coming back here , Helping you tell your story ,
Please , God . These responsibilities include ... busing tables , replenishing the Sweet ' n Lows ... sweeping up the place ? Yes .
And for a long time , I thought I 'd never beat that . But today I hit 11 . And you know , when I have great fucking days like this , it just reminds me how much I love being single .
Silver Fox . Yeah , my dad was a huge Charlie Rich fan . There was this album cover where he had that leather jacket on .
Yeah . Does Floppy still have his cold ? Yeah , but Floppy 's getting much better .
This fucking lady . I do n't usually like it when a girl looks me right in the eye , and this girl does that a lot . But I do n't know what it is about her .
What makes Sam a good father ? The important thing is for Sam to be a very good father ... is to be there for her ... because the smarter Lucy is , the smarter she will get . So what makes Sam a good father ?
You do n't owe me shit . I was n't talking about you , Danny . Well , hmph .
I 'm sorry . - I asked you to do one thing for me ... Yeah .
John wanted to try new things . And it was n't Yoko 's fault . No , it was n't Yoko 's fault .
Other than that , I did have sex out of wedlock one time , but it was different , it was n't just sex , it was like ... I do n't know , it 's hard to explain , but ... yeah , that 's it .
You did . I appreciate all the books and magazines that you 've sent . You 're a fuckin ' good writer , man .
So , George says that you needed a break from work . I do n't really want to work there anymore ... because there 's too many people . Then maybe we can find you a quieter job , because --
And John Lennon lost his mother when he was little . Annie says that sometimes God picks the special people . That 's what Annie says .
Yeah . I was thinking about that when you said it before . Well , I said it because it 's true , that 's why .
[ Laughs ] She means no more alcohol . * How much is there left out there ?
We 're gon na see them tomorrow anyway . I kind of feel like I 'm gon na have a drink with them , though .
No , I just wanted to tell you ... - You 're not capable of a relationship , Jon . - You 're not .
That was quick . Um , yeah , the magazine is really excited about the story . Oh , yeah ?
See ? This is what I 'm saying . Real pussy 's all good .
♪ Like some fucked-up bumblebee ♪ ♪ Heading for the potpourri ♪ Of the ladies room
No , you 're really not . You 're really not allowed to make me feel bad about something . I have n't done anything wrong , Luke .
* And it never shows the place where evil grows . * * Evil grows in the dark * where the sun , it never shines . * * Evil grows in cracks and holes * * and lives in people 's minds .
Okay ? And I do n't think this is gon na work . I think you 're wrong .
They go around saying they 're on the DEA payroll . It was right before they chopped someone into little pieces . - Was gotteskind looking at Kenny kristo ?
I 'll return his money tomorrow . Does Kenny know about me ? Not unless you tell him .
Yeah , so , if you wan na move up , - you got ta go to school . - Right .
This futuristic device , I was n't familiar with . Please be careful with it . It 's my love life .
He quit . He opened one of the bags . You know , I was just starting to forget about her .
♪ Hurt I 'm pretty impressed with us . This is so much better than it would have been on my own .
Here 's what we can do . We can forget about the money in my truck and take the 21 mil from Quinn 's truck and split it up five ways . Still a lot of money .
They are already mad . You ... you 're giving them an excuse to kill her . They do n't need an excuse .
Come on . Help me get him inside . - Should 've never trusted you .
I feel like I might ... may be about to embarrass myself . My heart 's beating really fast . Um ...
Come on , come on . - All right , keep it coming . - That 's it .
Your turn . I was off duty one day . I was in a bar in Washington heights where the cops did n't have to pay for their drinks .
I 'm gon na get a beer . You want anything from the kitchen ? No , thank you .
Everybody , okay , let 's stay calm . - He saw our faces , man ! - We let him go !
Are you okay with that ? Yeah , I think that 's only , like , four hours away anyway . That 's fine .
And I gave Kenny up like that . Of course it did n't help that you 're in love with his wife . Sometimes , I think Kenny left that money on purpose .
And then what ? Delivering it to somebody in the trunk of a car ? No .
♪ Lately I notice ♪ How things start falling ♪ Letters and rain and mood are the same ♪
If we can drive the pins through , the hinges will come undone . We got less than 40 minutes to do this . - And then what ?
For the girl alive and well . I assure you she 's both . Your assurance mean shit to me .
Yeah . When we were in Michigan , something happened . And I needed to come home and tell you , um ...
About how I wanted to save her from Reuben . So , we came up here and we watched them for a while . They said they wanted to help her too .
♪ Lady Luck , she is lovely ♪ Lady Luck , she is free ♪ But I wish sometimes that Lady Luck ♪
All right . Okay , I 'm gon na call -- I 'm gon na call in and report you . Officer down .
Stop whining . Maybe he 's right , we should leave . - And go where ?
In the back seat . Two bags like you said . Good .
Just throw it in the back of the cab or something . I 'll give you some money . No , thank you .
A real owl . You think it 's gone too ? You got skills , man .
Sliced the price . We , in turn , I do n't know ... You can finish it up all for yourself , ca n't you ?
Well , you do a lot , man . You 're like family to me , man . You and Jimmy .
We have to meet face to face . You got the opportunity to inspect the money . We get to see that the girl 's all right .
Yeah , I remember . Like there was an owl living in the attic . There was an owl up there .
I know you just love to give a young black male like myself one of your sperm killer sodas , but no , thank you , ma'am . I 'll stick with the water . What ?
Palmer . Do n't let them do anything to me , man , please ? I wo n't .
Trust me , kid , you dodged a bullet . You do n't want to be anybody 's first kiss , or their last . Say what you will , that man was a visionary .
Yeah . And I 'm proud of you too . So let 's take a moment to lift up our glasses to Ty .
I am extremely flattered . But , yes , we are definitely off-limits . That 's a shame .
How much did he pay you ? He asked how much you were paid . For what ?
I win , 1 : 26 for you , 1 : 20 for me . I beat you by 6 . No way .
I 'm guessing that 's your rig out front . What are you guys hauling today ? - Auto parts .
Scan these to Mike right away . I am a touch busy , if you could take care of those calls , I 'd appreciate it . No .
Yeah , I 'll glad he did n't . I 'm really glad he did n't . Because that would have cost me the satisfaction of being able to arrest you myself .
Starting with me that very night . You remember that , your first time ? - No , no , no .
And the border crossing was just rebuilt last year . Concrete blast walls , in-ground retrackable steel barriers . It 's a fortress .
Watch this move . I got to say , I remember the ladies being a bit more glamorous . [ BOTH LAUGHING ]
I want you to shut down every private airfield and landing strip in a 100 mile radius , I do n't care how small . - That 's going to take some doing .
I am . - I gave you your first camera . CONNOR :
See you . ... that 's the Arizona State Fair , where Grand Avenue and W. McDowell Road ... That 'll put another asshole in the elephant right there boys .
[ GRO ANING ] Something to hold you up . Bottle .
The wedding scent ? - And people wonder why I 'm not married . - Not really .
And you , - Clean the chunk of beef off your hat . - I got ta ' chunk of beef ?
He was reaching for something , I was worried for my life . So I tried to hit you . I should have hit you the fuck harder .
And I would also be more than happy to take off the rest of my clothes to prove it . Then there 's the cheap sexual innuendo . All the old Connor Mead tricks are back .
How good is your dictation ? You get it ? '' Dick-tat ion '' ? Please , I 'm actually at this party .
No , you did the right thing , Christie . I 'm going to send a deputy out there and I gon na have him check up on him , All right ? - Thanks , Sheriff .
Well , it 's nice to meet you , Rose . Nice to meet you , Qwerty . You have to have a heart that 's open to God .
I know what you 're gon na say , that it 's time for you to leave . But I don't- I do n't want you to go . I want you to stay .
All right , sir . It 's a-it 's a great choice . You wo n't be disappointed .
Not my fault . No , I'm- No , I am sorry . I saw him laughing .
Well talk to me . I have a violent fugitive making a run for the Mexican border . Now there 's a small chance that he might try to cross at Sommerton .
Give me my money . Tell me how I look . Because I am feeling so glamorous tonight .
Hello . So you want to have a drink ? Come on , Debra .
Your- I already told you too many times . No dogs allowed !
This is the path we chose . I 've come to accept it . How was she ?
Make that Hawaiian Tropic . At least I got the nose right . Your guys are loading bait and groceries .
I know this is an unusual request , but I need you to take this gun and put a bullet inside my heart . No , perhaps you 've been drinking . Please , everything is- everything 's gon na be all right .
Forget it , we wo n't make it ! Missy , get on the radio now ! - We can make it .
And your nose is bleeding . Okay , well , after carefully reviewing your application , Mr. Doolittle , I regret to inform you that we denied your request for a loan at this time .
Yeah , thanks . - In the mid-Atlantic , moving rapidly northeast 30-foot waves . What 'd you hear ?
Hey . Hey , I called in last week , and I was looking for the girl with the dog . I was-I was just wondering , is she-is she still there ?
It 's an emergency . I got to find my daughter . Please wait .
Let 's go , boys . I 'll wait for you in the car , Bobby . Catch fish , boys .
Have some coffee . Johnny , your boy is in what 's known- Billy .
The search for the Andrea Gail out of Gloucester has also been suspended after aircrafts covered 116,000 square miles of ocean without finding a single survivor . We 'll have more news after these messages . I knew Billy Tyne .
We were sharing up last night . I thought it 'd be three plus . You stocked 21,000 pounds at 3.50 a pound .
# Cruel it is , it clouds my eyes # # The dark , the dark # # shades on my day # # I live inside this place #
Just wipe it off . I like where this is going . Do n't I look beautiful ?
Never plotted a course . I set the compass , I ride it we 'll be in Bermuda in no time . Let 's go fishing .
Billy , can you hear me ? You 're headed right for the middle of the monster . Oh , my God .
Bobby I 'm sorry I got you into this . Skip , we made the right call . We had to try .
Excuse me . Ma'am , visiting hours are over . Ma'am , you ca n't go in there .
Let 's assume that she did . When would this operation take place ? When it 's clear we 're losing her .
I wish the fuck I 'd never met her . I hate to tell you , but there 's only two kinds of love stories . Boy loses girl .
I 'm way too claustrophobic . - I 'll take the next one . - You sure ?
Why do n't we start over ? You know what would look good on you ? Me .
I 'm here , but I have no right to be here . There 's no excuse for what I did to you , Lisa . You 're my child .
It 's been a week of round-the-clock flights involving efforts of half a dozen Northeast air rescue stations . However , as of this hour , the Coast Guard has suspended its search for Air National Guard para-rescue jumper Millard Jones . He leaves a wife and three daughters .
You were there . We had a good time . - Come on !
Love ? Love is not a race . - Our love is .
Thank you . - I have n't done anything yet . I 'm home .
Is that what you told your wife ? That 's none of your fucking business . Maggie has all sorts of needs , and I do n't think a pussy like you is up for the job .
I do n't ... You ca n't even think of four good things about yourself . What ?
What made you choose my restaurant for your party ? I had to pick a place for my party . I read that article about you .
No . - You never said it to your brother ? - Ugh !
Good night . When Will Keane comps 3 bottles of Crystal to an underage girl , I know what 'll happen . She 's not underage .
An Initial Benefit Statement . Tell them who you are , why you 're there and what you can do for them . All right ?
Wonderful . - It is risky doing it this way . You can do it .
I do n't know , it just sounded better . You told your mother a lie because it sounds better ? Look , she does n't know numbers .
I know . I mean , that 's what I was thinking ... we 're ... so happy ... What would be his reason ?
It was undetectable . And I go down to his study and I hand him the paper . And he gives me the face .
I 'll get you one . Sit at the table and I 'll be over in a second . I had to come .
Yep . Sinemet CR , 50 milligrams , two times a day , plus Domperidone to cut the nausea , 10 milligrams , three times a day . Artane for the tremor , two milligrams , a whole tablet , three times a day .
This , ladies and gentlemen , is software . Your training will last six weeks . Each of you will leave here a fully qualified health care professional .
Whoa ! - No , come in , come in . Testosterone , man .
What is it ? I was just wondering if ... if you had sex with that woman ? With Lynn ?
What were you doing in Ohio ? I had a meeting with heart specialist . He 's willing to operate .
The way the light 's hitting that face of yours . There 's this little breeze coming in through the window . It does n't matter if I have 10,000 more moments like this , or just this one , because
And that would make me nervous ? Yeah , your mind 's telling you one thing , your body 's telling you something else . You left me standing
If you wanted to seduce me , all you had to do was ask . That 's not seducing , that is asking . Besides
He might have to up his meds , that young man . Or maybe he needs to change to a drug that 's proven more effective in controlling aggressive behavior . Zoloft produced 13 % fewer outbursts in a controlled study of adult males .
You 're this talented , charming , handsome , capable , determined , smart man . I am ?
The odds of that are pretty steep . About a million to one , if it were a coincidence , which it 's not . The only way we found out about this is because it was tipped to the county sheriff 's office and the police within minutes of it going up .
Case agent , sir ? - You caught it , you got it . - Please .
So you 'd work your ass off to get there . - Oh , Bruce , this is unbelievable . - Me ,
Ow ! Why is your answer to everything violence ? I said 5 : 00 .
Come over here ! Ladies , this is Dr. Stan Knight , king of all internists . Right ?
Kid came to me , said he 'd pay $ 500 a key . So I put the order forms through , and he picked ' em up a couple days later . - What 's the kid 's name ?
I 'm proud of these . Straddle chair from the Arts and Crafts period . Mahogany table with cloud-lift pattern .
Maybe 10 bucks . Millions of eyes all watching the same thing at the same time . One big , happy family .
Well , you see , the problem is , how do you get over the shifter ? - Oh , oh , right , ' cause the , uh ... - ' Cause it gets in the way .
Tom Park , 60s , widower . He 's out of town visiting family in South Korea . He runs a local market here .
They ca n't go ... - If there 's no Mercedes , there 's no point in boosting any other cars . You hear me ?
It 's the 7 : 00 hour . This is KMZR , 108.9 FM , Portland . And on the Web at mzrnews.org . First , the weather .
Yeah . I got to tell you , Randall , seeing you here , Otto , Donny ... makes me feel almost nostalgic . Kind of like a big reunion .
He runs a local market here . He makes the trip every year . So our guy 's a customer .
Look , if you did n't do anything , you got nothing to lose letting us in . And if you did , we can always come back with a warrant . So how do you wan na play it ?
That 's right . That 's the way it should be . That 's the way it should be .
No . Half the office eats there . He 's messing with us .
Same build , same coloring . - The counter 's faster than last time . Yeah .
This guy 's still running around , the case is open . The kid 's face is everywhere . He 's driving around in a 40-year-old VW bus with electronics in it .
I 'd love to help Kip , but I-I 'm not into the life any more . - Well , that 's a good thing . - Yeah .
How 'd you get it ? - Actually , the keys were in it . - Oh , yeah , well , that kind of defîes the point then , do n't it ?
Good evening . You 're listening to KMZR , Portland . This is the news at the top of the 10 : 00 hour .
Wait up . That one 's got a broken leg . There he is .
Actually , that kind of reminds me of a song that I wrote a few weeks ago . I could play it for you later if you like . - Yeah , totally .
With a one-night boost , by the time the fîrst car is reported stolen , your ship sets sail ; it 's a surprise attack . This is a complicated list , fellas . It really is .
Whatever . That 's probably a good idea . The vibe .
Shred the car . All right , where 's Raymond Calitri 's place ? Exeter Salvage and Steel .
It 's gon na be free . The first one 's always free . All right , this is how girls like to be kissed .
Because you , my friend , are a juvenile dipshit . - I could be dating college guys , - Yeah .
I mean , I 'm just David 's friend . Just take -- take my money . I do n't want your money , Simon .
How destructive can you be at three ? I guess destructive enough for the state to take him back . It 's pretty goddamn destructive for that to happen , do n't you think , boss ?
Lighting matters , okay ? The darker the booth , the better . Lighting , dark booth .
A lot of people ... A lot of people saw it . I do n't know .
Did he say anything to you that stuck out or anything that you could think of that might have -- Something about choices and , uh , ramifications or something like that . I do n't know .
Nailed it . I 'm so proud of me . We came up with that idea together , but mostly me .
Look , having had experience in this area , I think we got ta deal with this in a way that 's private and sensitive . Yes , yes , we do not negotiate with terrorists .
I was standing next to Chris in science class today , and he turned , and he looked at me out of the corner of his eye , but I knew , I knew he was looking right at me . So then we start talking about something . I do n't know .
Look at me . Put your arm around me . Toby ...
I wanted you to know the truth . I wanted you to hear it from him . Dad , can you hear me ?
I thought we were friends . Come on , we 're not friends . You know , people like you do n't hang out with people like me , you know ?
I 'm not as pretty as you . It 's no wonder she chose you . Three years ago , after our mother died ,
Oh , my God , you do this before every dance . Yeah , but I do n't feel like going . There 's a Vincent Price marathon on , so I got ta watch that .
I thought we were living in a brave new world , a place without labels . But every so often , there 's that one moment in high school that changes your perspective on everything . Showtime .
Fingers . But you have one more choice to make . All at once or one at a time ?
I thought you were hinting that they were gon na be here . Like , I thought that you were saying that they were into me . I ca n't ...
If he wanted to hurt me , he would have already . Ca n't you see that he wants me personally involved ? He wants me to find out about him , probably to publicize his story .
Idiot . [ bells chiming ] [ bicycle bell dings ] Go by Jefferson Hall .
Meaning ? Meaning it 's , like , old linear code used in libraries way before the digital age . Nobody uses this anymore .
Yo ass was all beat beatir like a knuckle fluffing , whatchamacallit , nig . I knew you could do it . You OK ?
I can try . Really do n't have much to work with here . [ keyboard clacking ]
Are you okay ? If I tell you something , do you promise not to think I 'm crazy ? - Forget about it .
We got it . - Did you call the power company ? - Stay back .
[ knocking at door ] Listen , I 'll be done when I 'm done . Just give me a minute .
Listen up , ya'II . It 's time for the main event ! We got champion '' Beat-Beat '' nigga BTRO ...
You better watch out . 'Cause I 'm gon na find you . Uh , I 'm right here .
When I rock like this .. When I rock like this When I rock like this - Roll :
He lost to Apollo Creed ? [ Colleen ] To train for the event , the Renegades cheering for typically under-appreciated teams the bowling club and the fencing squad : [ All ] Stab him :
[ Both ] That 's all right ! So that one kind of addresses the issue But other than that , not really :
Hole up . I 'm not talking to you . I 'm mad at you .
.... [ Continues ] [ Man ] .... [ Ends ] Welcome , ladies and gents of all ages : Feast you eyes on a '' cheergasm '' like no man :
Lastly , we hope you take advantage of here at the university : Although I must report we 've had to cut funding : to some of the more non-essential programs :
I ca n't believe you just did that ! Oh , she did the right thing : She stuck with the winners :
[ Man ] And how will we get it ? By standing outside the dean 's office -- Sorry , what ?
If we win , we get a check for $ 20,000 : Now , Penelope , you could use that money : to rent rehearsal space :
Sorry : Would you like an appetizer ? This is why I go to the trouble ofhosting
Full-time as a student : And the rest of the time as a mix-master : What 's a mix-master ?
And I suggest you start with her : Do you mean not being friends with her ? 'Cause we 're roommates :
You 've got 3 dead bodies in the pond , you forgot ... - I do not want to know . This has gone too far , and I mean it .
Tough decisions are gon na have to be made by a wise administrator , someone who combines a listening disposition with attention to detail and compassion for her fellow man . If you are still interested ... Il est revenu .
Move ! I 've got to order a new track suit . Would you like me to come in with you ?
It 's very thought provoking . Dry and boring , I think , you mean . But that 's me all over .
arrogance , grandiosity , a belief in one 's uniqueness , a preoccupation with power and success , an excessive need to be admired , a sense of entitlement , lack of empathy and the twin tendencies to envy and exploit others . For clinical diagnosis , a patient must exhibit five of these . - You tick enough boxes .
Grant . Oh , now this is a good one . Holly !
Mrs Parker . About the flower arranging committee ... which I will be more than happy to talk to you about in a few days , when I 'm back . Oh .
* We can plant a house , we can build a tree * I do n't even care , we can have all three * She said
In my whole experience in 43 years on this committee . I 'm well aware of this problem . Oh , this is just ...
That hardly seems fair . He 's sacrificed his right to fair treatment . Forward a bit .
Why not ? It 's alright , Petey , it 's alright . You just close your eyes .
* Working-class culture was often sneered at as being crude and stuff . Then suddenly ..... people ..... maybe cottoned on to the fact that it was a bit more alive ..... than the supposedly highbrow culture .
What if it reveals the question too ? By shading the page , like tracing paper ? - Try it , Blonde .
And tomorrow it 's a new housekeeper , and she 's paid not to forget . I thought you were going to be brave and take the bus this year . - Next year .
You could not criticise New Labour , ..... you could not criticise Blair . It was , you know , verboten , it was not allowed . Um , so desperate was everyone to believe ..... in the con that it was .
It 's not ? I 've seen it there often enough . At first I thought it was a taxi .
I was what I was . I was born in Whitechapel hospital , ..... and I lived in Leytonstone until I was nine . I went to the same school as Jonathan Ross .
You 're lying ! - I do n't know , I swear ! What is the question ?
As I explained to Reverend Goodfellow , your pond is in the water-table . So the algae does n't only effect you , it effects the whole village . And the blue-green algae ... is one of the worst you can get .
What ... them ? - If memory serves me correct ... - The only rules in here are our rules .
I swear , it 'll be the death of her . Mrs Parker 's sudden passing came as a dreadful shock to us all , but as we well know , God does move in mysterious ways . Which reminds me of a keynote address , which I deliver recently , of which I think Mrs Parker would have approved .
How do you know ? - My wife , she died from it . I 'm a carrier .
When you actually go there ... Like the cow and calf cut in half . There 's summat really sort of sad and tragic about it ..... when you see it again .
It 's just a fact . They never had a paper round , you know . I had a milk round and stuff like that .
This could all be a distraction , you know . We could be missing something obvious . Yeah , yeah , yeah !
Good old Broccoli . Shall we have some for supper ? Hi , Mom .
But I think if we 'd have sat down ..... and calculated we were gon na make history , we 'd have ... I 'd have certainly worn a better outfit , put it that way . I may have gone to bed earlier and tried to keep Liam off the sauce .
The mortality rate halved in six months , and now his company is the biggest player in the global health industry with a turnover of $ 20 billion and a market capitalisation of $ 60 billion . If it was a nation state , it would rank as the world 's eighth largest economy . Next year that rises to sixth .
Grace , no . No matter how much damage is done , he must be told . Well , I 'm sure Walter will have a quiet word with Cynthia Martin , and it will be all sorted out .
`` What the hell does that mean ? '' `` You saying I 've got a face like a wall ? '' * .. in your heart is out
Tell us what we want to know . I ca n't tell you anything because I do n't know anything ! HR does n't cover the CEO 's , he hires his staff personally !
Mrs Jones , Rosemary Jones ? Rosie , please , I prefer Rosie . Is everything alright ?
All soldiers are gamblers . See , I find the flesh of the inner thigh especially sensitive . - Fuck you !
Great result for the rugby at the weekend . Now , down to the more serious business of the day , our opening address . I 'd like to introduce the Reverend Walter Goodfellow ... from the Parish of Little Wallop !
It 's their best one yet . I think it 's the best album of this year . I do n't think Oasis will do any better than this ever .
Your conscience will haunt you . You 're assuming I 've got one . I 'll go .
The deal was no questions asked . Anyone would 've done the same in our position ... Anyone with ... balls .
Howk it going ? '' Just withdraw as much cash as you can . I was still worried about getting pinched for it , but , like Eddie said , it was n't like we were mugging old ladies or nothing .
You could be wrong . It could just be the Invigilator behind there . Wan na bet ?
It 's important to me . To be honest , Mr Robinson , I was only eight . Our team went out .
I remember the night we finished the first ever edition of Loaded . When I finished , I put Boys And Girls on , danced around the office . It was exciting , and had edge .
Please ... You said we 've to trust each other ! Now you 're gon na stand there while he interrogates me ?
I had a milk round and stuff like that . Um , ..... I worked on building sites . That fundamentally makes my soul a lot more purer than theirs .
I genuinely could only get one . Mind you , the one ticket is in the executive box . I know what you 're doing .
But if I 'd wanted to marry a novelist there were plenty to choose from at uny . Trouble is , none of them made me laugh . So that 's all I do for you ?
That must have felt a right kick in the bollocks , eh ? I mean , it 's not exactly loyal , is it ? - No comment .
No , no , no . We can make it work . If Ralph ... [ malcolm ] It 's not just about Ralph .
And we must continually marvel at their ability to mate at will , like a couple of frenzied rabbits . And in purely practical terms , no e-mails . Only hard copies .
You 're gon na need it . You 've become a real target now . Listen to me .
And I always say , '' well , why would n't you ? '' [ Woman ] Are you tired of the world you live in ? Has life let you down ?
Good luck . Well , sit down , Mr. rose . I can give you five minutes .
Used to call himself Mr. Blobby . I thought he was gorgeous . Really had a type .
it 's the middle of the night ! [ man ] You have a visitor . All right .
Action . I 'm talking to Geoffrey Clarey , co-owner of an endangered species , an independent bookshop . This looks really good .
It became a problem . Ever since he left , I 've known ... It 's not as simple as bonobos make it look .
I wo n't be a minute . Hey , you take your time . [ Dripping ]
He said they were like gold dust . - You got one ticket to the match ? - Yes .
[ Woman ] Are you tired of the world you live in ? Has life let you down ? There is another way .
I 'm just making sure you ai n't spent all your money on the gee-gees . I would n't want you to run out . I 'm not doing anything illegal any more , so get the fuck off my phone , stop harassing me .
Then come and visit . Look , I never asked , but I assume your contribution to the book was the most hardcore stuff . No , it was the least hardcore stuff .
There is no fucking point in you keeping your mouth shut . I know it all , all right ? You got two options .
Pardon the pun . Might be a story there , like that mad butcher and his football team- colored sausages . Must go , Anna WINTOUR 'S here .
Mate , I got ta shoot off for a minute . Let me take care of something . I 'll be back in a bit .
[ David ] Oh , bloody hell . Phil , try to clean this up . [ Chris ] Do you really have to go ?
To Yorkshire , I remember . I was sad for about a week . [ Chuckles ]
Why does it always have to be like this ? Quick , quick , quick , quick , quick . Bye , love .
Go ! * I am lost in a place * * I expected to pass straight through * * but I 'm not any closer to knowing * * what I mean to you *
Yes , now . Do you have a pressing dinner engagement I do n't know about ? No , but I just thought ...
I know what he means . It 's what I thought when I came here , that sex was the answer . But , you reach a point where you do n't care anymore about resolving your differences with people like him .
Well , I told you . I want the shop to survive . Do you have a copy of '' conduct unbecoming '' please ?
♪ yeah , I 'll scratch your back and you scratch mine ♪ I 'll watch your back when you walk the line ♪ I got you , baby I got you
[ Sighing ] We can leave if you like . I love you .
Fine , we 'll make it 500 . Which is 490 pounds more than you were getting for your last theatrical engagement . I 'm not happy about this , David , but there is no need to be rude to Zoe .
The aim is to avoid conflict in the first place . A high level of sexual activity greatly reduces the chances of one occurring . So what , you just live in harmony and understanding ?
Nothing . Except what I feel for you . And what do you feel ?
[ Pouring ] I do n't drink as a rule . Drinking alone .
But you know what , David , I would sooner be doing something worthwhile than ... Well , than earning millions writing shit like this .
Time is of the essence . Helen 's u-cast forms are due in four weeks . Before you know it , she 'll be at her interviews , with or without subfusc .
and kill me ! '' If I jerk the handle You 'll die in your dreams
Do you mind us hijacking your lesson ? It depends , are you going to make me play scales ? o .
I 'll just have a half . I 'm drowning my sorrows , actually . I have to do something on this CHICKLIT mummy porn thing for a Webcast .
♪ You 're the guy from the fight . My guitar got it worse .
What 's wrong with a woman making money from writing novels like these ? They 're not doing any harm , are they ? I suppose not , but , I mean anybody could write this stuff .
I admire your dedication . I always knew you had an artistic bent . So big boy ...
♪ And if the nighttime threatens me with pain ♪ ♪ I will give in to the lust ♪ ♪ I will do what I must ♪
Honest to God though Charlie and I 'll tell you this straight I would n't be surprised if they started to discuss your release date . I mean , look , it 's just my opinion .
♪ ♪ anymore ... In the end I got it wrong ... quite seriously wrong , actually . They sent me here .
♪ I just want your genes ♪ Are you sure you want me to sing it ? Of course , I could n't sing it like that .
It 's like a battleground , innit ? It was an opportunity ... and a place where soon every native was going to know my name . What 's the matter Charlie ?
So I 've heard . You want me to kill him ? Dan !
Fucking hell ! Make me a cup of tea , please . Let 's fuck .
Very confusing , this war on terror . Our enemy does not make the distinction between a civilian and combatant . There are over 2000 suspected terrorists operating in the UK alone ... and that number is increasing daily .
♪ She 's as deaf as a post ♪ ♪ As transparent as a ray ♪ ♪ Boys are queuing ♪
We 'll negotiate with the Taliban before the politians realize it . - Did you find a job yet ? - Nah .
♪ ♪ Come Monday night the day of work is done ♪ ♪
Review the unit ! Honest to God though Charlie and I 'll tell you this straight I would n't be surprised if they started to discuss your release date .
We call this canoeing where I grew up . Yes , well , we 're in Scotland now . ♪
And then they get the KLA to bring it in . And the whole thing , is protected by the CIA . The government needs my product , see .
I might not be fit to tie her musical boot laces , but I could 've helped her make records . I could 've listened to her songs and backed her up on simple yet accurately played guitar . I could 've designed the sleeves , distributed the flyers , licked the envelopes , whatever , I would 've done it .
♪ ♪ When I 'm a Rock and Roll ... ♪ ♪ When I 'm a Rock and Roll ... ♪ ♪ When I 'm a Rock and Roll ... ( super star ) Well they towed me . ( Kicked out ) Truth be told though they did n't want me in there anymore anyway .
♪ ♪ I do n't think I could stand to be stuck ♪ ♪ That 's the way that things were going ♪
I can feel you lookin ' at me , Charlie . - Do you want me to do your nails ? - No !
Very nice . Time stops for no man ladies and germs . My time was coming up !
sort of a room , a bit of a room that 's free . - A bit of a room ? - Yeah .
Making sure that the Afghan opium finds its way to the Russians . And then they get the KLA to bring it in . And the whole thing , is protected by the CIA .
There is always a war party waiting to ambush you , Miller . Come on , you should know that ! Anyway ...
Wait no , I 'm just saying . I 'm just saying No no no , Charlie , Charles Do n't misunderstand me , mate .
♪ I run away ♪ ♪ They 're playing a decent song at last ♪ ♪ I think I 'll have to dance with Cassie'cause the dream boy never asked ♪
Sir , I do n't think Harry Brown is a witness . I think he 's our chief suspect . I 'm sorry , I was under the impression uniform found an elderly gentleman on the tow path .
Roger that . I 'm after him on foot . He 's turning left at the junction , you take him , yeah .
It 's progress . Two weeks back , you would n't have been able to , but now that you 're eating again , your body is waking up . You 're feeling things again .
You 're the type , I can tell . Noel , I think you think you 're taking control of this situation . I 'll take control of you , you fucking slag .
The I.S.I . and the CIA is Al-Qaeda . What exactly you hope to achieve this nonsense ? We 're neither I.S.I . or CIA .
I do n't know . He was here a minute ago . See .
Oh , fuck off you benders ! I 'm going to ask you some questions . You answer truthful , no more pain .
You should talk to the police . I tell you what , we 'll go together . I 've already been to the police .
Damian ? Yes , this is where our Lord Baby Jesus will be born . And so our Saviour came , bringing peace to all the earth .
But for this to work , the people have to remain ignorant of the problem , until it 's too late . That 's why we have trigers in place : 9-11 , 7-7 , W.M.D 's .
When I met my Kath I knew that all that stuff had to be locked away . I made that decision , all those years ago , and I stuck to it . Harry ...
I mean they ca n't give you your Christmas back can they ? Probably be next Christmas by the time you get anything back . I do n't suppose you 've got any serial numbers , security codes , anything like that ?
They become ghosts . - All we know is where to drop the weapons . - Where is that ?
Information about Abdullah . Your people seem to have a good enough handle on that . Tell Turner ...
A Shogun new BMX bike . A Rekia five hundred super quad bike . Nimbus two thousand eltro-magnetic stair rider .
I 'm sorry , I was under the impression uniform found an elderly gentleman on the tow path . Yes , that 's right , that 's correct , sir . Mr. Brown is a close friend of Leonard Attwell , the senior citizen found stabbed in the pedestrian subway .
Two years ago , he turns up here in London . I 'm looking for reliable men , I can trust . Well , I appreciate the offer .
Did you pray for all of these things ? We were praying for comfort and encouragement . I think we felt comforted and encouraged .
My argument is that if we use base 12 it is an infinitely superior system , and more logical . It takes 12 months for the Earth to orbit the sun , there are 12 hours a night and 12 hours a day , and each of those hours there are 12 five-minute increments . And what do you think , Nathan ?
This is what they were after . That 's a lot of money . Where did it come from ?
I remember . You ca n't remember when you were a baby . I do n't remember her doing it to me .
And after some delicate diplomatic negotiation , I can confirm that the Chinese will be one of them . Now we should , of course , be cordial as it falls to us to host the competition this year , Tn Cambridge .
Sergeant Hicock , if you refer to a notice of death as a death-o-gram again I 'll have you reprimanded before the Superintendent . Police !
You must have a loo ? What do you do when you need to go ? Ok , just this once .
My ailment . Cutting me down in the prime of my life . I just sort of lost it .
What ? That 's the whole point , do it in small amounts and no one will be suspicious . Look at the queue .
Sorry , are you new ? It 's just we come here all the time and it 's usually just fine , you give us an extra ball . Number 48 is a large prawn ball meal .
They tried first at one inn . Do you have any room at this inn ? No sorry , we 're fully booked .
# The fact they 're good at making # Miss your sitting up incessantly # And the fact you 're always waking in the night
Apologies , sir . I have 13 warrants to execute on the estate . I hope your witness was worth it .
Do you really think Mr. Emphysema 's got it in him to top a load of hoodies ? I 've just spoken to the hospital . He 's discharged himself .
Well I did n't even know they were in it . I get told nothing you know , nothing . Are you going to come and do some chopping ?
I 'm afraid the investigation 's still in progress . When did you last see him ? Yesterday afternoon , we ...
Nathan ? 1 do n't know , he made me laugh and ... He stuck chips up his nose .
So he took them to the stable ... Oh , this is nice and cosy , Joseph ... and cosy Joseph ... I said this is nice and cosy Joseph .
Here , there 's a little prize for you . It 's your own euro converter . Now !
I know what she 's after . We ca n't leave it here . We 're going to have tokeep it with us ... all the time .
# Miss you terribly already Miss the space between your eyelids # Where I 'd stare through awkward sentences # And avoid through awkward silence
I know that Tm strange in lots of ways . I think I see the world in a different way to other people . I 've always been like that .
No . He tried it on , and I turned him down . His pride 's hurt , and he knows he 's blown it with the show .
Well , have you any room ? What did he want to bring her for ? You invited her .
Now , outside you might be considered nerds or geeks or whatever the insult du jour might be . But here , you are among kindred spirits . Now , assuming you 're capable of basic arithmetic , you 'll know that there are six places available yet more than six of you .
You do n't give a shit about anything , do you ? - You do n't care about anything . - Look , I 'm sorry .
I hate them . There 's no possible excuse for wearing one , unless you 're a gynecologist . That 's an old antique dealers ' joke .
Sorry , mate . I had a quick look at it first . Shh .
Great . ( woman speaking dramatically in French ) No !
Sounds to me like you quite like her . Of course I like her . Than you normally like ;
Tell him not to start , Mum . I 'm just saying you ca n't go on forever . Listen , I know that I 'm going to make it .
Definitely autistic . He seems to have picked up all the bad traits and none of the good . - What bad traits ?
Well , you 'd have to put some clothes on first . You have n't told her about me , have you ? Is it cos I 'm not a nice Muslim girl ?
No sugar ? - No sugar , sweet enough for me . - How are you doing ?
What did she mean ? She said something about you . What was she talking about ?
I want to talk to you . It 'll only take a minute . Please .
Number 48 is a large prawn ball meal . You get nine balls , large chips and crackers . Yeah , I know .
I 'm just ... I 'm just like you , all right ? You 're nothing like me , you fucking animal .
There was an article on his new exhibition . I had hoped that Harry and he were ... Well , they spent so much time at university together .
How do you turn it off ? You turn it that way . No .
`` All Our Cares Away '' ) ♪ Mary loves the Grouse ♪ Hides the bottles round the house
What 's done is done . How did he get the phone ? Stolen , obviously , from Paul .
But I 'm free on Wednesday . Come and see the shells I found . See you .
No . We 've just come in for a drink . - You want to suck my cock ?
Yeah , I did n't know what to say . Why did n't you move your lips and something would have come out . Listen , are you free to meet ?
I am attacked on all sides by those reprobates and malcontents who would undermine the very fabric of this society . Is it not an obvious fact that if the poor can not produce , they must starve ? Is it not verily a law of nature that if they ca n't --
I 'm just saying that maybe if you involve me more . Sorry , but you 've got no idea what it 's like being a parent . I have to put her first .
We have to change our plans . You have to make contact with the third man and help him . - You stay with him .
Those are no small things . But I need to grow up now . So do you .
With currently confirmed casualties of 20 and with more understood to be injured . The restaurant was full of lunchtime customers , including a large meeting being held by the 2004 Committee , an organization which had Middle East energy interests and championed the Iraq war . Three backbench MP 's were members .
Another opens . Before our colleague left , he said you were a capable man . But that you ...
From now on , I 'm going to concentrate on my acting , put negative thoughts behind me , and move forward . Oh , I put -- The cereal is over there . Oh .
Hannah ! - Why did n't you come to bed ? - I conked out on the sofa .
About whatever . I 've got my degree , I can do what I want . Look , I 've got ta go , I 'm late .
Yes , please . - We 'll fix it or get you another . - He 's my bunny .
It all fits . I do n't like musicals , rows in the street , cocaine . Well done .
It got personal . Shall we just get out of this place ? So , is that not against your religion ?
One more thing . There is a team on us , our people . Watch yourselves .
I 've seen you looking , so do n't even pretend you 're not interested . Things happen for a reason , and this was obviously meant to be . I 'm feeling very positive .
Jesus Christ ! It 's an awful state of affairs . It 's dog all together .
Follow orders . Anyone want me , I 'm with the governor . Kept that under your hat , did n't you ?
' I put flowers on my Pauline 's grave every week . ' I prayed for you the other day . 'It 's not something I do , but I found I was saying a prayer .
So you were n't here Saturday , then . I 'd dropped by the afternoon to see to Dad 's tea , but went straight home after . About 5 : 00 .
`` You , coming out now. `` Any man I see outside I 'm going to shoot. `` Any son of a bitch who starts to shoot at me ,
You want to know about Mary , you should go talk to him . Mary broke it off with Miles six months ago . Was he sleeping with her ?
There was a row over it . He did n't want her to go . Who ?
♪ He 's unshaven and a mess ♪ Finds it hard some days to dress ♪ Stevie smashed the delf
♪ Oh , no , you steal ' em ♪ You were all right , you came for the night ♪ And you loved , you loved to fight
6 : 00 . The Home Service had just come on the news . What did she look like , this girl ?
Law is completely irrelevant in the face of true force . That applies to any country . And what 's your country ?
In other news , an early hand-written draft of Ozymandias by the poet Percy Bysshe Shelley is to go on show at the Bodleian Library in Oxford . Gifted to the library in 1893 ... `` Boundless and bare , the lone and level sands stretch far away . ''
Swish . Present for my baby daughter . You have to check for small parts .
I do n't care what you think of me any more . Win or lose , I am running this race on my own terms , not yours . So , how did it go ?
Social worker is walking by a river when she sees a body being carried down . So she rushes into the water , she drags it out , and starts giving it mouth-to-mouth and CPR and everything . Then another body comes floating by , so she drags that one out and tries to save that one as well .
You really think you 've got a chance going toe-to-toe with that lot , Fred ? Think you should take a couple of weeks furlough . Run Eileen down to the caravan and have a long hard think about early retirement .
Darius Grady . I n your opinion , did Darius do and/ or sell drugs ? Darius Grady did and he sold drugs .
Hello there , Mr Temple . Great to see you , Trix . How 's the season going ?
A car accident or something ? We believe he killed himself . Have you any idea why he may wish to take his own life ?
Did you ? I wanted somewhere like Linda Hamilton stayed . - Linda Hamilton ?
Hand ! Knees high , Belle , knees high ! Hand !
And then you come round . Just hearing his name , something went in me . All these years .
Said his wife and kids were dead . When the patrol car showed up , Darius took a shot at it .
And after Iraq , Darius reported no such symptoms . Your Honor , what does Dr. Hill think the bandage on my client 's neck is- an ascot ? You 'll have your chance , Mr. Decosio .
Do n't answer . I swear , if he calls me one more time ... - Tara !
All Valerie 's gang go there . She 's an absolute beauty , is n't she ? Nine months old , 3,000 on the clock , and does she go ?
Rachel , long jump , Belle and Sarah , hurdles , Lisa Temple you know , and of course , the legend that is Trix Warren , 100 metres . - You all right ?
Beats me . But if he was up for death , would you have come over to testify ? No .
You try and come it with me , I 'll break you . Was in my pocket all along . Mr. Samuels has come over with a nosebleed .
It seemed too good an opportunity to let pass . It 's seldom one gets ... one gets to meet one 's heroines . Heroine ?
That 's bad news , babe . Do n't mess about with me , Daze , not today , please . - Tara !
You 're faster than her . Well , that 's because my daddy was only a maths teacher . What 's up , ladies ?
A redhead . She 'd be one of the young girls you 'll have met at Teddy Samuels ' parties . You attended one last Saturday at Wolvercote .
It 's either to scare me into saying Darius is crazy and he gets off , or to scare me into saying he 's sane and he gets convicted . Trouble is I do n't know which way I 'm supposed to be scared . Wish they 'd left a note .
What can do for you ? I 'd like to speak with one of your mechanics . Johnny Franks .
What ? I rang the Southern I njustice League . They 'd never heard of you .
Have the duty man put you through to Colonel Dolman . He 'll vouch for my bona fides . No ?
Why should n't I ? You seem , well rather out of place . She manages me .
You 're really gon na let him do that ? - I did n't give up , all right ? I was kicked out .
I 'm just giving my boy something ... Here 's one I wrote for a special occasion . It 's called ' Pity the Plight of Young Fellows ' .
Hmm . Maybe you ask too many questions . I ask what I need to know .
Hey . What are you guys doing standing around ? We 're not standing , we 're stretching , Coach .
He pulled out a gun . He pulled out a gun ! I shit myself and I run !
For the training it is . But we do n't refuse help when it 's there . - I do n't really wan na ...
Failed lover , failed killer . So he murders her twice . Once to prove he 's a man .
And interview tapes . You do n't want me here all night , exhausting your manpower , costing you overtime . Snooping through your drawers .
This is the women 's 4 X 100 metres relay . The first four places will qualify for the quarter finals . Here are the teams .
200 metres final . Introducing the athletes for the women 's 200 metres final . Lane one ... so here we go , the women 's 200 metre final .
Loren and the children . So I can understand how they died . Little girl did n't die in here .
We kicked ass . And that 's when Amare got wounded . - That 's why he came home early .
Nothing . I just hope we 're all as lucky as she was when it comes to the Worlds . I 'm looking forward to beating you a second time .
♪ Bent sweat drippin ' off the ceiling ♪ Sadomasochists that need To quench their thirst for beatings ♪ Anything goes when you 've got the riches but only the sexually depraved
Look on their like and lament Approach with a cautious intent Take it or leave it in any event ...
There 's been some fallout already . The DA , Luis Borgos , has taken over the case . He fired Julie Rice .
There was n't a man in Luther with a pulse did n't have the hots for her . Can you describe his state of mind ? Whiny .
Yeah ? My man will be here clocking ' . He 's CID .
♪ They 're playing '' Follow the Leader '' ♪ ♪ They 're demons in disguise ♪ ♪ Do n't look into those eyes ♪
Do n't fucking move ! - You want me to lend this ? - That 's your money .
♪ I hear you beg for more ♪ ♪ But you 've had enough ♪ ♪ I ca n't give you any more of my love ♪
My name 's Jo Lloyd . I work in social care for the council . And I used to be his social worker .
Martell . Listen , it 's about time we had a little chit-chat . - All right ?
What the fuck 's he gon na do next ? Find out who set me up . 'Cause one of you fuckers fed me to Frankie Stubbs .
♪ You think you can see so far ♪ ♪ Into your brain ♪ If those slags ai n't working out ... ♪ Tell me ♪
got an early train do you want a cup of tea then ? - Oh yeah , definitely got ta piss , i am bursing- it 's the second on the right do you want a cup of tea ?
get in the fucking boot ! get in there , before i put you in there come on then ... are you allright ? shut up !
Hi ya What happened to your face ? It 's a long story , can I help ya ?
fucking out ? erek right , now go and get looking . I need her for tonigh Kelly i want these fags- what ?
♪ You ca n't take it when I bring you down ♪ ♪ Why do you suffer when I push you all around ? ♪
Where have you been ? - Told you , I had gone make some money Come on , we got ta get the train
Look , he had faith in us . He offered us a job when no one else would . He offered us a job .
that 's it , that 's it go on , release it , release it now- yeah that 's it , what bumps ... good can we get a nother one ? we do n't have all bloody day thanks all right , make it quicker this time- i will i 'm gon na roll
I STILL THINK WE SHOULD GO ON LOOKING . WELL , I THINK WE SHOULD GO BACK AND CHECK ON THE GIRLS . THEY 'LL BE FINE .
What about McGovern ? He was useless in the middle . Whose idea was that ?
IT 'S NOTHING . - WHAT TIME IS IT , ANYWAY ? - IT 'S LATE .
THEY ALL DID . ONE NATION PLUNDERS ANOTHER NATION , PLUNDERS ANOTHER . THAT 'S WHAT THE BRITISH EMPIRE 'S BUILT ON .
PLEASE ? - JUST A COUPLE , I PROMISE . - FINE .
DO YOU WANT ME TO GET IT ? - THAT 'S ALL RIGHT , I 'LL GET IT . - GOOD NIGHT .
ARE YOU SURE IT WAS TOM ? YES , WHY DO YOU KEEP ASKING ME ? AM I SURE ?
I accepted the FA 's offer to become ... the next manager of the England national football team . Now , obviously , this involves me leaving Leeds United ... after 13 happy and successful years ... which makes me very sad . I 'd like to think I built the club into a family .
WELL , I HOPE IT STOPS SOON . DO YOU THINK WE HAVE ENOUGH FOOD TO LAST US ? - WHY ?
WHY DID THEY LEAVE ? WAS IT THE PLAGUE OR SOMETHING ? - ALLERGIC REACTION TO HAGGIS .
That right hand in the kidneys . And then down on the floor , for no reason whatsoever . And Keegan 's gon na get his little bit of revenge there with a right cross .
I 'M GON NA CHECK ALL THE OTHER ROOMS AND SEE IF I CAN FIND A PHONE WITH A SIGNAL . - HOLD ON , DO N'T GO ALONE . - I 'LL BE FINE .
No one gon na offer me a drink ? Like an undertaker 's in here . Why did you do it ?
WHEN I WENT TO THE BATHROOM , IT SEEMED LIKE I WAS ONLY THERE A FEW MINUTES . AND IT WAS LIKE THIS -- THIS BANGING ,
Who the fuck are they ? That 'll be Messrs. McGovern and O'Hare . - Hello .
IT WOULD BE BETTER IF YOU TWO STICK TOGETHER . WE 'LL BE FINE IN HERE . ALL RIGHT .
YEAH . - I READ A BOOK ONCE . - ANY GOOD ?
Without Don . What might be different under me . Let 's show them some of the things we 've been working on .
THERE MUST BE SOMETHING ELSE . LAURA , ARE YOU STILL THERE ? GOODBYE , PETE .
Oh , no . No , Brian , they 'll never do that . He 's chairman ...
LIKE I SAW IN AMSTERDAM ? - NO , THAT WAS N'T MY FAULT . I WAS ASKING WHERE I COULD GET A BITE TO EAT ,
YOU 'RE REALLY GOOD AT THIS . IF WE GET OUT OF THIS ALIVE , REMIND ME TO UPDATE MY CV . OKAY .
Look at me now , I ca n't read , I ca n't write and I ca n't get a job because of it . I 've got to work in textiles so I do n't do any kind of writing . People laugh at you when you say you ca n't read or write .
What are you doing , Brian ? You are a bloody disgrace ! Hey , Bremner , you should be in the bloody book for that !
I missed his first birthday on a recall . You know , I only ever got one birthday with him . And we think children do n't know what 's going on .
Because we had n't got no vases , she was just sticking ' em in the grave like that . You know , just one flower after another . But then she started to go like that with her hands and she were , like , getting all the soil like that .
Well , obviously , Austin ... me initial reaction is one of shock at finding myself here with him . But in answer to your question ... 6 weeks is hardly a long time to be given a chance in any job . I would hope that Revie will get a lot longer time in his .
Do n't worry , I will . But do n't run to me when people start calling you . ( girl ) I 'm a big girl now .
What 's going on ? As far as I can see ... there 's no relationship , no understanding ... between players and management . Well , not a healthy one anyway .
What do you think ? - Are you sure you 're not having me on ? - Seriously , swear on my baby 's life .
Go on , then . - Written a letter to the board . You and I feel it is impossible to continue our good work ... with Derby County .
So off she went and I went , '' Well , fair enough . '' So off she went back up . And then , again , she took another overdose or something and social services brought her back down here again . So , then they said , '' Well , she obviously does n't want to go back there . ''
It 's funny , is n't it ? This morning , singing in the church , it was like I was seven years old again . And missing her .
More than 100 mourners attended ... Embroidered it a little bit , did n't they ? ( turns TV off )
And if you ever come back , I 'll do you ! And you wanted the best for her . How dare she to do this to you !
One was when we did it at the Soho Theatre and Lorraine was in the audience and there was this big speech at the end , where she talks about her mum , talks about Andrea , and I just looked at Lorraine , just tears streaming down Lorraine 's face . I was on stage thinking , '' Keep it together , do n't start crying . '' My eyes were welling up as well .
Oh ! Are you all right , William ? Tickety-boo .
When she was 15 she wrote a play set in Bradford , where she was brought up . Through friends , the play was sent to the Royal Court Theatre in London , where it 's now having a successful run in the theatre upstairs . Max Stafford-Clark is directing the play , Andrea 's first , as part of the Young People 's Theatre Festival .
I used maybe once every two week through Harris 's pregnancy . He was born an addict . Erm ...
Please . I need to know you understand . There was too many debts .
Because freedom had give me nothing but headache and trouble . I was still using heroin throughout that sentence . I was getting it sent in .
Andrea Dunbar is 18 years old . When she was 15 she wrote a play set in Bradford , where she was brought up . Through friends , the play was sent to the Royal Court Theatre in London , where it 's now having a successful run in the theatre upstairs .
I have had a few reactions but I do n't think it 's nothing to worry about . You know , I 've only had , you know like about three people complain . It 's not bad off a whole estate , is it ?
You think ? Dean , get down there and clear this mess up . Now here 's the thing .
Eddie has his little boy go off to make a phone call , see if what I 'm saying is true . He floats some questions at me to see if I stumble . And I do n't stumble .
Yeah . There 's one firm makes an offer three , four times a year . They buy up independent undertakers
Nice and easy . An idiot could do your job , am I right ? And you would never get a girl like this in London , that 's for sure .
And why did n't I just sell up ? Why did n't I just sell up and go back to college ? Please .
It 's not the same thing . I 'm talking about a proper cup of tea . With a saucer , served from a teapot , with a bicky on the side .
Follow my lead . You 're a little late , stud . Party 's over .
How ? I got a plan , see ? Let 's go through it one more time , yeah ?
Yeah , ' course . Treat me like a king , Eddie . As though it was my last night on Earth .
J * How is everything in heaven ? - There 's a lot of social problems . - OK .
I 'm standing next to you- thanks very much , marvelous best man- looking at her , saying , '' Yes , I do . Till death us do part . '' And thank God it did , or I 'd still be married to her .
( Phone rings ) Terence , you can not wear trainers . But William said it did n't matter what we wore .
( TV on ) When did your dad say he 'd call ? I do n't know .
Right . William , if you need any advice , please , call any time . Yeah , Nicholas .
I love all that stuff . Being what is technically known as a proper villain , I can relate with them royalty .
I 'm an R'n ' B man , and I can stretch to soul . But you 'll never find Billy Two Hats in the middle of the road , What do you mean ?
I 'm going out with her . I 'm going out ... with your mum . Which is , you know ... even a surprise to me .
You must live to get him . How long has lived Emil ? - He was 84 .
Are n't they , copper ? See , this is why I hired a professional . But I kill him , how long 's it gon na be before the whole gang is down here looking for me ?
You shoot my boss just to steal his money ? I just worked out a riddle . Porsche , get the briefcase , put it in the safe .
We 'll , um , we 'll be in touch . - Just do n't hold your breath . - Shh , silence , gentlemen .
Do you know her ? Not even if she was free . I would like her .
`` The list of victims include Mrs. Mary O'Toole of the New Town ... `` Daft Jamie of the West Port ... `` the freed slave John Martin of London ...
Otherwise the sauna . Let your husband can not come back . Dancing .
He went on to write a book that sold almost as well as the Bible . It said only the fittest survive . And living proof of that is young Ginny .
Very . Now I want to ask you something . Where do you fine people ?
So , this doctor is gon na give us money to cut Old Donald up ? Old Donald is in heaven . These are just his mortal remains .
He has nothing . But I let him go . I need to open the gym .
If you think you 're gon na convince me like that , you 're wrong . I do n't care about clothes . No , but you care about women , right ?
She 'll know everything . I wo n't lie to you , Willy , it is a possibility . This is unbelievable .
I come from ... people to fight such a gift . Let 's deal with his jeep . I have raised you better .
But I would walk 500 miles And I would walk 500 more Just to be the man who walks 1,000 miles
Nobody cares for it yet . Do you think someone a favor ? When the women come , you have nothing .
Sounds too down-market . I 'd prefer something like '' funeral parlour . '' Oh God , yes !
They give you a nice house , a car , even a TV . I can give you a good car . If you 're one of us .
Excellent work , Fox . Now we 'll go and do the New Town . Willy .
Today . Too bad your dad did not know . - Oh no ?
Bulgarian , Lithuanian . This can take several weeks . - Days .
Make it a musical . I 'm blessed with the voice of an angel . Aye , they could do with something new in the West End .
It is not a request . One 's life is in danger . Ours too .
Take a seat . Oh , thank you , my Lord . - Chocolate ?
I just want my daughter back . Call the police , but still . Then interrogate us different agencies .
Now . There are four , they come out of the house . Load everything , this is it .
Captain , a message from Lord Harrington , sir . He wants to see you , sir , at your earliest convenience . His Lordship also said to bring Doctor Knox 's portfolio with you .
There is someone died in Bobs car . And what good is the police ? Come on , we 're ready .
Something which generates the large numbers of cadavers I need for my work . Would n't that be nice , sir ? Yes , Patterson .
What makes you think I could star and direct ? Your talent and your vision . I have been blessed with a lot of talent .
Do you think someone a favor ? When the women come , you have nothing . They do not even understand .
He 's er ... he 's gone away with his dad for a bit . When does he come back ? I do n't know ... soon .
Right . The next one we just stab in the heart with a knife . No !
Because every time she looks at you ... the only thing she 'll see is that day . I did n't know you were a Chelsea fan . That squash bag you cart around with you on your days off .
`` when you close the door at the end of the day , you 're home . '' Does n't matter what day I 've had , if I imagine closing the caravan door , I feel better . Now that feeling 's gone .
Drinking and shouting all hours . I mean , there 's families in these flats . For Christ 's sake !
'It 's funny what we choose to believe in , Osama . 'They say you believe in paradise . 'My husband and my boy did n't believe in paradise .
Travelodges are n't actually that bad . She 's says I 'm married to the job . Do you think it 's possible ... to love someone and betray them at the same time ?
'Anyway , for better or worse , ' I got my boy and he got me . ' Mummy !
`` ' Bethnal Green was like hell , '' my grandma said , `` ' just one endless sea of flames . '' 'But we built on the rubble , 'and we kept on coming like zombies .
I know ... I know you said to leave you alone . I would 've died that day if I had n't met you .
'London is a city built on the wreckage of itself , Osama . 'It 's had more comebacks than '' The Evil Dead '' . 'It 's been flattened by storms and flooded out and rotted with plague .
This ? Now I do n't know what to say . And this is n't what I had in my mind at all .
Mummy ! ' I remember my mum took me to Camber Sands once . 'The one day she was sober .
I 'm not going to go away . I will find every piece of your heart that has been blown to smithereens and I will put it back together again . And it will probably take a long time , but then I 'm a patient man .
Run that again for me will you , Gary ? - Is this the one I copied ? - That I 'm not supposed to have seen ?
'This has angered community leaders , 'anxious that young Muslim men will become the main target of searches . ' 'It 's an echo of the London skyline from another time . 'During the blitz of World War II , 'when barrage balloons floated over London'to protect the nation from enemy aircraft . '
Do n't apologise . I understand , if you need to talk , I 'm a very good listener . I 'll get us another couple of drinks and then you can start at the very beginning .
I need this job . I can barely afford to pay my rent ... I 'm not going to fire you .
I was just asking . I never do nothing no more . Get up , go to work , come home .
I try to raise you on my own . I work every hour God send me to provide for you . - And what do I get ?
What ? You think you 're a big man now ? What ?
Dunno . But I 'll recognise him , though . I 'll fucking recognise him .
What the fuck is all this shit ? - You ca n't tell me nothing . - I 'm not trying to tell you nothing ...
I 'm not stupid like you , though , Sam ! - If I do something I 'm not getting caught . - It 's not about getting caught .
Right , that ... that 's making the best of a bad situation . There 's nothing for man to do round here . You know what I learnt when I went big man jail , blood ?
What 'd you come to me for ? - Have you seen my mum anywhere ? That was six years ago .
But come over soon and bring Mark . No , he wo n't get shot . God , what a dumb bitch .
Why do n't you just sit down ? - I do n't wan na sit down . - You 're making Jim nervous .
Got no respect for your elders . You just make choices without having to pay the consequences . Let me tell you something , boy .
And I do n't think I 've let the people in my life down by making the wrong choices . I think I let them down by convincing myself ... I never had a choice to begin with .
How amazing is it that he 's given me tonight off ? I mean , I ca n't believe it , we 're out ! Yeah , I 'm so glad you could come out , girl .
You ca n't be doing this shit in front of my girl . - I just wanted to talk . - Talk about what ?
So I heard you had a really good day today . Roc 's not so easily impressed . I guess he recognizes talent .
Very . Oh , I wish I had a daughter . - Girls are a handful .
He was my friend . But I was n't his , you know ? And maybe I could 've helped , I do n't know .
Thank you . I was kind of hoping that you would n't need to . Well , I ...
Kicked him right in his fat fucking face . He 's been my best friend ever since . And he 's got my back for reals , you know ?
'Cause poetic seizures keep me thinking in Morse code , so I write all the Tory hallucinations in sign language , so you can see how it sounds when I write , all right ? I write keys and escape plans but chain gangs , street gangs turn into literary genius , am I right ? I rewrite , everybody start , everyone have to write --
Look , I 'm sorry about the other day , all right ? I ca n't stomach people disrespecting us to our face , Wes . Nobody was disrespecting you , you were disrespectful to them .
♪ So I need a reason to write more ♪ ♪ My pen , I feel I should just put it down ♪ ♪ And quit music regardless of how good it sounds ♪
♪ Just to have these so-called critics exposed ♪ ♪ My rooms and ignore my fright ♪ ♪ Sickness they ca n't see my vision ♪
Okay . By the way , nobody talks to me the way you talk to me , either . That 's ' cause you 're so mean .
I wan na go home . Can you call my brother , please ? Chris .
I 'd rather die young than just coast through life without ever stepping up . Being a man is about taking initiative . A man ?
I quit school . But I needed a job , so I 'm a janitor . - I 'm sorry .
I 'm gon na smoke with Bonnie . But come over soon and bring Mark . No , he wo n't get shot .
♪ The argument ♪ And just like that ♪ It 's gone
♪ Lookers and proceed to boom ♪ Trash the can , grab the tips , clean my hands , I 'm gone ♪ ♪ But now I got a new canvas that I can damage ♪
Three months ago , the prisoner was involved in an altercation in the shower room where another inmate was stabbed with a homemade weapon . Well , well , well , there was some other -- WOMAN :
We bought it lock , stock and barrel . I always thought I 'd find a great guy , have him take care of me , raise a family , live happily ever after . I kind of figured out along the way that I like taking care of myself .
Mikey , what 's up ? Why do n't you come in ? Some other time .
Hold up . What the fuck happened after that ? They shit their pants , is what happened !
Projects . He loves taking them on , renovating them . LINDSEY :
Yes . Lieutenant Falton , is there something you 'd like to add ? I 'm sorry , excuse me ?
Oh . Oh , God , are you okay ? I want you to go out the back way .
James Burns , 18 years old , originally arrested four years ago for selling of firearms , drug possession and illegal possession of a firearm . Do you know the inmate we 're talking about ? LT .
If you 'd just see me ! If we could sit down and just talk ... Yay , voice mail !
All right , you do n't park in a man 's spot ! See , that 's what 's wrong with women , man . You want to start a fight with a man and boo-hoo when he fight back !
Lola 's new roommate ? Sorry we have n't had a chance to actually ... meet yet . Lola !
♪ Well , the children still dying in the street ♪ ♪ And babies still living with disease ♪ ♪ And the cops got guns and poor folks got sons ♪
What ? ( LAUGHS ) I just do n't understand that . No , I do n't have to check in with him , because I know where he is .
What are you doing up ? One of them got loose . I found him , now .
I 'm sorry , lady . I told you I 'm sorry . Get your kid out , please .
Fuck ! Celia , do you want to know what I did ? I know what you did , Mr. Hanley .
I think it was better with them closed . So thanks for taking the trip down with me . Oh , hey , it 's no problem .
Loaded with a doubled-up buckshot and fired at point-blank range . And just the right angle . Ca n't even tell what the person ever looked like .
Thanks , but I 'll pass . Okay , how about I buy you one ? Ca n't afford me .
I mean , why should I waste my whole dang summer stuck in this stupid-ass farm , when I could be out having some fun ? And enjoying that misguided youth ? Thanks .
However , now Federov is about to become president of Russia . That makes him a person of interest to the world and to my publication . When Federov was just a general ,
I just did n't know it then . I 've been giving it some thought . You called my father at the last minute .
Hey , there 's nothing going on here . Let 's go back to my place . We can have a drink , can sit back and relax .
Ivan suggested Gage Tollner . We 'd celebrate my book and your song . - I 'm gon na go with Dad .
What's-his-face in the club . He ever try to call you ? He tried .
And she 's not his girlfriend . My dad said you had a weak handshake , a sign of indecision . His hands are huge , I ca n't get a good grip .
This is what it must have felt ... This is exactly what Mom must have felt . You want to see ?
I 'm gon na cook and run the household like you 're used to . - This is nothing like our house . - You mean , your mother 's house .
Peter ... She was one of ours , Weinstein . It was over when the Russians made her .
It 's Devereaux . Thank you for deciding to meet with me . Please , sit down .
I witnessed Federov conspire with CIA agent John Hanley to bomb a civilian building . That bombing was the start of the second Chechen war . The revelations of Chechnyan refugee
Joint custody blows . - I was told it 's better . It 's miserable .
Hey , Bernard . You teaching my brother here these junkyard chip shots ? A one-handed backhand is an elegant stroke .
What 's wrong ? Listen , I 've been thinking about it , and I think it would be best if I moved out . And I was wondering if maybe you wanted to come with me .
When Federov was just a general , I 'd say he was pretty much untouchable . But it 's different now .
No . And she 's not his girlfriend . My dad said you had a weak handshake , a sign of indecision .
My dad said if he ever caught someone going in there , they 'd be dead meat . So I wo n't tell on you . Where is he , your dad ?
Lvan could 've been a champ if he had n't hurt his knee . Okay , my brother , let 's see some groundstrokes . You got ta ease up , my brother .
Well , I got ta get , but ... I definitely owe you one , so ... If you ever wan na hang out or reminisce about your high school drama days , give me a shout .
But he 's old news . Atrocities are like reality TV . There 's always a new show for people to forget .
He 's the master of the chip game . - All right , fellas , that 's it for today . - Ivan , you wan na hit a little ?
Haley . You just take a left up here . It 's about 20 miles or so .
Turn around . You should turn around just now . Chechnya .
There 's nothing on here . She 's in a coma , Nic . There 's nothing that can be done for her right now .
Till it gets to this circle , okay ? When it hits that circle , you press the button . Then you 're gon na follow this bottom line until it gets to this circle .
And if they ca n't find her , you 're the next closest thing . Do you have files on the women you help ? Yes .
Thanks . Yeah , I forgot to take these . She has a few of my books still .
I do n't . - Frank , do you know why ? - No .
He said : `` Bernie , I think you can save your marriage . '' I told him I did n't think there was anything else I could do .
Jonah , I 'm not sure ... - No , look at your legs ! I 'm looking at my legs !
Arkady Federov is in Belgrade right now for an energy conference . Find out where he 's staying . - You are not going to kill me .
Why ... Why did n't you tell me what happened to my legs ? How could we ?
It 's a cafe by a lake . And a daughter who never got to know her mother , and who barely knows her father . - What 's her name ?
So we were thinking Short Circuit . Blue Velvet is supposed to be quite interesting . I love you !
That 's what I 'm saying , I wo n't be able to . Technically she 's the one moving , so technically she should be driving . Is it open yet ?
Why do I want a desk at home ? I do n't want a chalkboard or a bell going off every 45 minutes either . - He likes being with us .
Whose car is that she got into ? Whoever it is , it 's not us . How is Lucy ?
Look , you guys are my best friends , and I 'm just ... I 'm the wrongest guy to ask . Yeah .
What it must be like to be you . Take what you want , do as you please . What happens if they come back ?
Just let me find him . If I can talk to him , maybe I can stop this from getting crazy . You do n't know him .
There 's something that is ... It 's like they took something from me , Nic . Took what ?
I hate glasses , do n't you ? Now , look , this is an emergency . - Thank you .
I promise , as soon as she wakes up , you 'll be the first one to see her . Right now we 're doing everything humanly possible . Nic , this place is insane .
I 'm in a little trouble and I did n't know where else to go . Look at this article in today 's paper. `` Rich shoe salesman kicks up heels , inherits six mil from casino manager . '' So ?
But how would we do that ? From what I 've seen , there 's only one road in here . Well , that 's the one we take .
When it 's your turn , rain stick . - No , I sit and read . You want us out of here so you can read ?
Due to the circumstances surrounding your condition , I 'm afraid that our information is extremely limited . Wait , what 's my condition ?
I thought it that way . - Who are you trying to protect ? Say I had three breasts think you not that I knew it before someone said that to me ?
I 'm gon na get more coffees . I 'm gon na move the car . Best friends !
You are the only man I ever loved . And I am the only woman who will ever make you happy . Let 's not throw that away , Tony .
Is she your friend ? - If that 's what you want to believe ... - Dad , she is a student .
As you must know , Uncle has n't specified anything for himself tonight . So I 'm off to try out his infallible system for roulette . On my own time .
And I love you too . Can not you talk to Beth ? She must know that it is okay that we 're leaving .
Who else ? Ah , yes , and that 's why I love you . Lock up .
You guys should just stop provoking him . He 's probably just some little kid . Nic , are we doing this or not ?
Excuse . I may seem like a male chauvinist , - - But if you get to know me , I am an ok guy .
Had I known it a little before , could have saved my marriage . Is the science library on the map ? Hi ...
The one next door was already in the basement , did n't need to be dropped . [ Porter ] And the cops who investigated Crowley 's death , they could n't search the elevator , could they ? Because it was under 20 feet of rubble .
You can call me Will or Bill or whatever . Fiona here call me Wild Bill . I met just her parents .
This is Harry Witherspoon . - Miss Glick , get ready to ... Lunatic !
Up . Pauvre chéri , a sister who blames you for crime you do n't commit . And a little heart-shaped box .
Ow ! - [ elevator powers down ] [ inaudible cries ] - [ Caroline gasping ]
I 've thought about it all night while we packed . I just need to clear a couple of years , until I 'm 18 Until then , you 're an old guy in the 20s .
So you are a police officer ? Was it because of the police car or uniform ? Earth call Wes .
I do like the feel of the paper . And your column , Mr. Wren , is always very well written , in an old-time , classic kind of way . [ chuckles ]
Am I allowed ... to do that ? I do n't mind if you say no . [ chuckles ] You 're allowed .
Thanks . - You could also have these books . - are you reading that ?
I thought it was ... I want to talk to him now . He is not in the room right now .
Oh , you were good once . And now you 're going to have to be good again , sir , ... for me . [ person brushing teeth ]
You said yes . All within the span of less than an hour ? [ Caroline ] Well , a few hours , but , yeah .
I would still marry her . I would wait to book the church . It 's best you go .
Oh , I 'm sorry , Mr. Witherspoon . This is your Uncle Anthony . But I thought he died .
I want to show you this . Okay , this is what we 're talking about . This is where we start .
But I must warn you that the terms of the will are highly unusual . Therefore if you should choose not to accept the money , it will revert immediately to your uncle 's favorite charity , The Universal Dog Home of Brooklyn .
I 'm sorry . It 's a visiting Iranian ambassador with an emergency . Let 's just stop pretending it 's effective to have a sex life .
But ... Not that it 's my business , you just have to stop me , but I 've heard that you are with a married woman . Really ?
You 're referring to the spider woman I found in the gutter ? That you found in the gutter , yes .
Dear nephew Harry , this is my last will and testament . And I hope it finds you in better health than it does me . I hope that you 're not the squeamish type , especially when you hear the favor I want .
Yes ? - Well , what I 'm trying to say is ... All right , nobody move !
[ Hobbs exhales softly ] Well , I went to the best doctors in the world , but some things ... Well , some things , you ca n't fix .
Where ? Well , when we received our copy of the will in tape , our legal department noticed how detailed it was . All those social activities , specific times you have to be at specific places .
Goddamn it ! Yeah , his name is Frank Toy . Brown hair , uh , height unknown .
Suddenly , some of the regular Marseille sailors caught up with me and beat me up , pretty badly . One of them stuck me with a knife , in the groin , at least ... at least a dozen times . And they ...
You know Drum gets emotional at the slightest thing . Well , we'II make sure he has enough food , and Ouiser'II keep him calm . Count on me .
Oh , do n't ... do n't drink the water . Uh-uh , I should n't have done that . I 'm glad you came out , Biaggio .
You 're kind of shitting on his memories , Dad . Well , what am I supposed to do , Heather ? You know , if I died , he 'd get over it in about six weeks .
They 're part of my prayer group 's '' reach out and touch '' project . Well , I think it is very bad taste to pray for perfect strangers . Shelby , what have you done to yourself ?
Okay , Biaggio , good effort ... ( wry chuckle ) although very poorly planned out and , um ... savagely racist . I just did n't want to do nothing .
Oh , yeah . - [ woman ] Come on , Billy , Simon . - [ Simon ] I like her .
♪ For me you 're a lock ♪ ♪ that I just ca n't pick ♪ ♪ When you 're teasing , locking eyes ♪
Oh , Christmas tree . You stand in verdant beauty . Your boughs are green in summer 's glow .
Forget him . Break ground with me , man . Look , I 'm sorry , Joe , but I ca n't do this .
Because John wanted to try new things . ¡ ° ' They perched in silence . How can we be so diff -- ''
Annelle , honey , you 're gon na have to lighten up . My husband says the same thing . No , it was just getting too heavy in here , and we needed to laugh .
In some ways , she 's -- In some ways , I 'm smarter than her . In some ways , I 'm smarter than you , Mr. Turner .
Are you all right ? - Joe , Joe , I 'm not going to hurt you . - Joe , I 'm so sorry .
Your what ? See , every person has a particular coloring , summer , spring , so on . You determine what season you are , and then you know what colors look best on you .
Sam , I told you , you have to stop saying that . It makes you look stupid . OK , try again .
Fit for a goddamn king . Are there any bears in these woods ? Hope so .
You know , I bet you I 've got some clothes that'II fit you just fine . I want you to come to my wedding reception . Oh , I do n't know .
Really ? You come with me and relax ... and I 'll tell you some nice stories . Lily , what did I tell you About selling on my beat ?
Amen . Annelle , could you please fill the tub for a pedicure ? Okay .
He 'll never notice . He has ten more just like it . Try it on .
Mama . Mama , this color is drying way too dark . It looks like a stuck pig bled all over my hands .
( ALL LAUGHING ) Okay , I got ta put the little one to bed . Aw , come on .
WOMAN : So , Joe , your dad told me that you go to Tottenville . Are you on any teams ?
`` I do so like green eggs and ham . ¡ ° ' Thank you , thank you , Sam I am . '' One more time ?
It 's such a special day . Oh , I 'm sure you'II do a beautiful job . It do n't matter what I look like anyway .
Anthropod class . However , spiders and insects are very different . - Spiders have six legs --
He is shooting blanks , Miss Ouiser . Drum would never aim a gun at a lady . Oh , he a real gentleman .
Miss Clairee , who won the title your year ? Oh , child , please , there was no Christmas festival when I was in high school . Jesus was n't even born till I was a junior in college .
We bought a few chickens . Less than 30 , more than 25 . But the fact is Biaggio and I have been hunting and getting pretty goddamn dangerous out there .
You know what ? I think I 'm gon na buy some more houses . How many is '' more '' ?
Was the house good to you ? No , but it was n't the house 's fault . My name is Carmen .
'Cause he 's just giving Sherry fits . Then I wo n't have to pay two salaries . I can manage the band , I 'll be in the band ...
We can get it from you later . We really should get going . - Here you go .
Objection . He 's putting words in her mouth . Sustained .
No , it was n't my first time . But did I tell you , actually , About the time that he and I went to Vegas ,
I 've ever seen in my life . - Yeah , you told me , but I mean , Jesus Christ , those tits !
Get to the question , Mr. Turner . The question is , if you love your daughter ... as much as you say you do -- and I know that you do -- do n't you think she deserves more ? Do n't you in your heart of hearts ... secretly question yourself every day ?
It 's just , it 's hard for me to be with The guys that I love . It 's just easier to be with guys that do n't matter .
I stopped watching porn . Yeah , no more of that , just the intercourse now . So ...
Hey , where were you ? I used one of the towels that was in there , hope you do n't mind . Yeah , that 's fine .
I ... have had a lot of time , see , to ... think about what it is ... that makes somebody a good parent ... and it 's about constancy ... and it 's about ... patience , and it 's about listening ... and it 's about pretending to listen ... even when you ca n't listen anymore . And it 's about love , like she said . See , Billy has a home with me ... and I made it the best I could .
I 've also managed to track down A couple of your other survivors , And they 're more than happy to turn up at your parole hearing
Patricia , where are my keys ? This is her on her first birthday . December 6 .
Court card , what 's that ? I got a AA meeting . I think there 's one at 9 : 00 at the rec center .
I just looked up your name . - I did n't tell you my name . - Obviously you did ,
I have that effect on people . Yeah , you got a glass ? * I wanted to see her .
That 's good . Can I buy some cookies from you ? That 'll be 3.25 .
I did n't know it was you . I just did n't know it was you . Hey , girl .
You can go home now . Yeah , a personal pepperoni pan pizza . That 's a wonderful choice .
She 's been fighting with Chris . I do n't think they 're gon na work out . - You remember Linda and Chris , yeah ?
I't have the cash to hold out that long . Look , guys , if I have to come up with some more cash , I 'll ... You 're going to pay Fred 's expenses and her expenses too ?
I mean , 21 's so young . And then you get older , and so much happens . You change in those years drastically .
For these and all the sins of my life , I am sorry . - Ten Lord 's Prayers and ten Hail Marys . - Thank you , Father .
* I lost my head , and I said some things . * * Now comes the heartaches that the morning brings . * * I know I 'm wrong .
we do it all the fucking time ! - Yeah , I know we do . - Whenever you want !
Sure , yeah . You close with your parents ? Sort of .
Um ... No , I just do n't want to , like , be that couple that 's like , `` Yeah , yeah , yeah , we 're getting married . ''
I can manage the band , I 'll be in the band ... And you 'd only be a few feet away from her , So that 's make things better .
Yeah , we do , pretty much . - I do n't know your friends . - My friends ?
You still are the prettiest . You could have been the ugliest girl at work and still been the only one . You 're not .
Yesterday . You should be talking to the FBI . I 'm talking to you .
Cut off the cabbie . - Remember what the van looked like ? - Yeah .
Yeah , just ... goodbye . - And that does n't happen when you have sex . - I wish it did .
I 'm sorry but I ca n't help you . It would have been nice if you had told me what your brother was . Yeah .
Look , the way you have sex , it 's like totally one-sided . It 's like I 'm not even there . I mean , look , it 's fine with me .
Who ? The woman they found over here . Yeah , I do n't know anything about that .
Walk me through it . You walk in ' cause I like ... Reservoir Dogs meets Casablanca .
He did n't say anything . No , he said you 're a ... Have fun .
Come on . - I think I heard something . - What ?
Do this deal and I 'll see nobody knows about you . You can take your little Burton-Ernie act to the other side of the country . There 's plenty of dope dealers in L.A .
My father used to take me to ball games when I was a kid . We 'd put away four of those things apiece . - Every time I eat those , I 'm --
Come on , Hackett . - All right , keep it moving . Come on , come on , come on .
Mm-hmm . Here you go , my friend . Mm .
I do n't think I could . That 's why it has to be your decision . Then , I guess I just made it .
It cuts the visibility . I already know what you looked like , ray . What do you know ?
Boo . But wait , I need to take a photo . Instagram ?
What the hell is wrong with you ? Well , what was I supposed to do ? He was coming inside !
♪ No , no ♪ You distract me so ♪ And you make it so easy
Yeah . Get caught in a room with this woman DEA agent . She 's so nice to me , you know ?
They 'd probably seen her walking the dog . Heard her called him by name . Think of something else .
As I was getting the collections together for Freddy 's widow I found this. `` For a good time , call 555-0125 . '' You 're sick , Baines .
Is she ... uh , same-same , sort of interchangeable . You want to get dinner with me ? Dinner ?
Nice meeting you , tj . What I 'm saying is , I do n't care nothing about cows . Just care about what I put inside my body .
I 'll think of something . I could have paid him . I had the whole million .
Well , thanks for stopping by . If I hear anything , I 'll be sure to let you know . Come on .
I admit it 's been tough . He lost both -- We lost both our parents this year . - I understand , Mr. Hackett --
Go back to school , and me and Kenny start dealing . It 's enough to get by ... I was dealing in college , I do it to pay for art school .
They 've got these rats , they 're the size of a big old fat cat . Come on in , I 'll show you the dog . - I 'll take your word for it .
Do n't you understand ? Ty , open this door so we can figure this thing out together like a team . You just want me to walk out there , huh ?
I 'm sorry , kid . Not enough to go around . All right .
Clean it ? But the gun 's still not empty . You know that , right ?
Could be super short . - Super long , whatever you want . - They kidding ?
Driving me crazy . - It 's hard for him , you know ? - Yeah .
Paul and Sandra have been talking about you . I know what car you drive , where you went to school , how many dogs you have . That is right .
Pete Hastings is totally gorge . No , Pete Hastings is now bald and doing Civil War re-enactments on the weekends . MARISSA :
But I 'm not even supposed to talk to strangers . No , that 's good , that 's good . No talking is good .
Come on . You got to at least give me your number . - No , I do n't .
Oh , I forgot to tell you . Brad loves to run triathlons too . I know , right ?
I 'm not going to fault you for doing so . But I 'm not gon na let that guy come through our town ... without a fight . I took the same oath as you , Ray .
It coulda been that . Did anyone check for tire tracks yet ? They were here first .
And I also wish I could believe in the Easter bunny the missile shield , and strippers with a heart of gold , all right ? But , unfortunately , I am condemned to see the world as it really is . And love ?
Mr. Parsons ? I check upstairs , you check the ground floor . Cortez just blew through their checkpoint .
Yeah . And here 's to my new sister . You know , Sandra , all I can really say all that I know for sure is that Mom and Dad they would 've loved you .
Well , I 'm not a big croud guy . Plus , someone has to stay behind , to keep the peace . - You going boating ?
On your car . While I washed your car . - You never called me again .
No , it 's Saturday , you moron . That 's the day of my brother 's wedding . All right , I have n't missed it , thank God .
Blonde , six o'clock ? Blue dress , legs up to her chin ? That 's the one .
See ? I knew there would n't be any weirdness between you two . - Connor , you remember Sandra ?
We 're talking about your being locked up for being drunk and disorderly . What do you care if we 're not together ? Hey , Sarah .
He 's a hard ass . And the border crossing was just rebuilt last year . Concrete blast walls , in-ground retrackable steel barriers .
I 'm going to keep it forever . You sure that was n't my brother ? He always said fruity stuff like that .
We 've secured the location . Okay , are well all ready ? - Game on , boss .
No , I do n't know , but she 's gone , man . No , her and dog leave . Not my fault .
Hang on . The ravine is too deep to cross . It 's a long shot .
I just , you know , have n't kissed a man in a long time . I just forgot how good it feels . Okay , thank you for the ride .
He trained under their Elite Tactical Division . Worked Narcotics for five years , then he quited . Why ?
Just hope it might cheer you up . You have a few minutes , so ... or I could pack it up to go for you . You want to share it ?
# Cryin ' nobody , no # # nobody knows my pain # # when I see that it 's risen # # that full moon again # # For the werewolf # # the werewolf # # have sympathy #
I know this . I know , I know , Slim . He put you up to this , did n't he ?
Kicking up something wicked here . Made a couple of sets . You doing any good ?
I 'm trying not to . Just promise me one thing . When tomorrow comes , everything 's gon na be okay .
How 'd you hit it , Billy ? Did n't hit very hard , did you ? We all have slumps , but you 're overdue to break out of yours .
I 'll be right here waiting for you . My God , I love you . I never stopped loving you .
`` No , tanks , Mom . '' Guy ca n't even speak good English . Well , anyway , can I get you anything ? Let 's go , boys .
I do n't think I can take care of you much longer . I got to get you back home . Do n't look at me like that .
I think I got it right . I think I got it right this time . David .
There 's nothing like sleeping with you . Just sleeping lying next to you all warm and sweet . And me wishing the morning would never come .
Okay , well , after carefully reviewing your application , Mr. Doolittle , I regret to inform you that we denied your request for a loan at this time . But I filled everything out just like you requested .
You can stay here . I got-I got plenty of blankets . You can stay the night .
Next time , track Linda . She 'll take you where the fish are . You 're getting to be rude , you know ?
Sir , you ca n't be in here . Wait , wait , what 's going on ? - Sir , are you a relative ?
If-if you want some company , I could- If you-if you 'd like , I could take you home . I mean , if you want , I could-
You got ta get them back . Do you think you 'll love them ? They 're yours , are n't they ?
The storm of the century . Residents , stay inside , pack sandbags against door frames . A report here that Cape Ann fishing industry is in tatters .
I missed you so much . Thank you so much for finding him . I do n't know how I 'll ever repay you .
Everything 's been paid for . I do n't know what you 're talking about . Well , a gentleman came in last night and paid all the hospital bills .
A report here that Cape Ann fishing industry is in tatters . Lobstermen from Gloucester to Scituate have lost their traps . A missing swordboat , Andrea Gail , out of Gloucester with a crew of six .
Not Katie . Katie will be young forever . So will the guy she married .
Last time she brought her sister . You should 've seen the lamps then . How do he do it , mon ?
It was just going to get worse . The more attachment on both sides , leading to what ? It 's now or later , right ?
! - It 's one of the best in the world . He did his residency at Brigham , cardiac surgery training at Cleveland .
Okay so far . Keep your hands and feet in the basket . - Careful .
Maybe . We danced a couple of times . Now you 're dancing with me .
They 're always from Gloucester . It 's an increased-risk mission , so , you know , it 's up to us . I 'm getting a little air-to-air feeling .
There 's a fresh bowl of batter at the door . I 'm an easy-going guy , right ? I 'm good to my staff .
Will , she 's really sick . - What are you guys talking about ? - Nothing .
434-6603 ! Why do n't you tell Daddy what a downtown Chicago hospital is really like ? Patient brought in with chills , nausea , ischemia , clearly in shock .
Who ? `` Hope is a thing with feathers That perches in the soul . '' Woody Allen ?
Mmm . Well , you 're an expert , so ... Okay .
You do n't understand . I 've never said that to anyone before . - You 've never said '' I love you '' ?
Summer camp . My teeth are bigger than the horse 's . - I hated that picture .
Do not be late . He only has 15 minutes . The surgeon that recommended him said if you can get him to take the case you know Charlotte 's got a chance .
I 'm curious . What made you choose my restaurant for your party ? I had to pick a place for my party .
No . You never said it to your parents ? No .
This . The whole misunderstood-by-Dad- I'm-a-vulnerable-guy thing . Usually .
No . Those people come into our office with their roller bags and samples , like door-to-door-salesmen . They are door-to-door-salesmen , only what they 're selling grosses $ 87 billion a year !
Great ! - I 'll give you till Thursday , 4 o'clock . - Okay .
What are you ... I do n't want to see this ! No .
And I had a little girl in a holler tree I said , '' Little girl it 's plain to see `` Ai n't nobody that can sing like me
Room 17 is ready , Dr. Grandy . They 'll reach me wherever I am . I 'll coordinate with Sibley .
Jamie , what are you up to these days ? - Jamie 's selling high-end stereo equipment . - Ha !
Some websites show the whole thing in slow motion because it 's just so much better that way . One archives it in a section called '' whoa . '' That 's it .
That 's what I figured . This has been America News Radio . Now back to your local ANR station for news .
He used to be a reporter for Channel 12 . He now hosts a TV show on public access . Call Bagley .
And by protecting my heart truly I got lost in the sounds I hear in my mind all of these voices
Over here . Listen , I only made it through a few months of Kilburn 's posts . - We 'll need more bodies on this .
Oh , man . It was a mistake to come here . You have a great life now .
A week ago , a man was killed in this city . This barbaric , cowardly murder was streamed live on the Internet . As part of the killer 's design , the more people who logged on to the site to witness the victim 's suffering , the sooner the victim died .
Good night , Sam . Molly gave me a birthday present already . It 's a computer game that I downloaded .
What ? Hey , Sphinx , I do n't look suspicious , do I , man ? Otto , man , I think that your dog ate the keys !
I 'm running this in a fake virtual machine . Watch what happens when I accept his offer . Now , he 's stealing my financial data and all my passwords .
All right . Here we go , here 's somebody . Sam Barrows .
Now , these are beautiful cars , Otto . And here we got a ' 83 Cadillac Eldorado ? - Yeah .
Are you sure ? When I say I 'll do it , I 'll do it , okay ? I promise .
Why are people shooting at us ? - ' Cause I blew up their car . Over here !
Yeah , send her in . You wanted to see me , sir ? How are you doing ?
I had a thought . Remember that Andrew Kilburn guy and his review ? Yeah , sure .
It means doing things . Things I told you I 'd never do again . Do what it takes , Randall .
I think I might know what that connection is . Emphasis on '' might . '' A few things I got ta check out . I 'm on my way in .
Oh , that is ... Looks like it 's Kip Raines . And we got a Randall Raines .
You would not be a self-indulgent wiener , sir . - You would be a connoisseur . - Precisely .
Oh , you 've got him now . - Okay , there 's his IP address . Let 's get his physical one .
Astricky has landed . / f they ro// , we take them down . Last night that van was parked four houses down .
What the shit ? You 're messing with the wrong girl . Looks like the lessons are off to a real great start there , coachy .
Okay , look , when you said that we should hang out Friday , I thought you were hinting that they were gon na be here . Like , I thought that you were saying that they were into me .
Huh ? Fuzzy , you never called me . So now we got ta stay down here ... till you tell me everything you know .
Grow some balls . Tell him you know the video sucks , but you 're into him , and to deal with it . And if he 's still weird , he 's a jackass .
Got it . - We 've got some more lamp shades by the truck . - Let 's get those tools dusted .
It 's happening . Okay , Blue Devils , it 's time to crown our king and queen . Hey , how 'd it go ?
I swear , I 'm just feeling the pressure . If this makes it to Toshi , - I 'm telling you now ...
But I 'm telling you , the only public institution I see here is Milburn Juvenile Detention , and that 's about it . And it closed in 2000 . Where the hell did you get these books from again ?
All right , let me tell you something . I was in the depression stage about my ex , but I combined my ex with '' depression , '' and I got '' expression . ''
I 'm gon na reach over and break your neck . Do I get the money then or just another ten years ? - That 'll be all .
Yeah , and in this case , a bunch of kids anonymously typing whatever comments they want feels like an atomic bomb , and that 's definitely mightier than a sword . So make your writing have a positive effect . As in a certain homecoming article that 's due .
Oh , you 're gon na use the book picture ? Oh , is it too formal ? Well , it is a little ...
Shh . Oh , my gosh , that 's so cool ! I was standing next to Chris in science class today , and he turned , and he looked at me out of the corner of his eye , but I knew , I knew he was looking right at me .
What ? - I said , go on with the story , because I 'm loving it . So then I just started writing poems , and those poems became songs and ...
Jesus , stop the tape ! So I guess I 'm free to go . Stop the tape !
Maybe . That 's not a bad idea . [ keyboard clacking ]
Now I did . Because , like everyone else in school , he knew what I was . And subconsciously I knew it too .
That 's actually pretty creative for Wes . Since when do you care what Wesley Rush says ? He says crazy stuff all the time .
Let me ask you a question . If I were to offer you $ 1,000 to snap her neck , would you ? No .
And thank ... `` No , I did n't , I did n't . '' Yes , you did . And I thank you .
Why are you doing this to me , Nathan ? Look , I understand why you 're angry . You have every right to be .
That would explain it , right ? Then it would make sense . Have you spoken to your father about this ?
All right bye . Yeah , I still ca n't reach her . So , boss , listen .
L Dubba E 's got even more street cred now'cause his pops took a dirt nap , left him Dawrs Liquor Mart , son . So now , no one drinks unless L Dubba E says so . It 's the end of days out there , JTRO .
You got five frames . Great , but it 's not been the five best we 've had so far , okay ? Come on , give me a nice smile .
You 're crazy . Put your hands on the wheel ! You know , some women would call me a gentleman .
The sheriff says a family member reported the 19-year-old and 20-year-old missing early this morning . The two men whose names are not being released yet were last seen camping in the area of the lake . Investigators said a canoe was missing from the shoreline .
Just choose me . Otherwise he 's gon na kill our whole family . Please , just be brave and choose me .
Aw . We live together , man , we die together . I do n't want any trouble .
Yeah . You better come take a look at this . Worse than in here ?
Say there is no towel girl : Say Greg hoists and there is no one to towel off his sweaty hands : Tina slips :
Okay ? Uh , O 's do n't represent emptiness : They represent hugs :
For a moment there , at the end , when we won , I experienced an emotion : that I can only describe as moderate happiness : How did you know where we were gon na be ?
Well , you 'd better knock that shit out your head . I got a surprise for you , though . Hold up .
Bush was a cheerleader in college ? Ronald Reagan was also a cheerleader : The three greatest presidents of the last 200 years- all cheerleaders :
I want to thank both teams for putting on It reminds me of my student days : - [ All Groaning ]
Look , I got three jobs , this radio gig , I know it would mean a lot to Whittier : .... [ Continues ]
Yeah . You must pee in your pants . Shit nyet .
Are we allowed to be in here ? 2 : 00 a : m : ' s the only good time to swim : The rest of the time , I 'm working :
It 's all a question of how bad you really want it : I mean , for starters , you 're gon na have to shine Literally millions will be watching you :
What I need to know from you is what does Whittier think ? Is that a bad idea , or -- Well , it really depends :
That 's when I knew was gon na do an up-and-under pattern behind the linebacker : And he 's -- You know , that 's : Do you mind if for the next minute :
Because some of you do n't know how to behave Some of you do n't show proper manners Some of you do n't show respect to the concept of team unity :
What do you mean '' '' head cheerleader '' ? I 'm the next head cheerleader : Focus on the performance :
And thank you for bringing us Grace , who joined our family today and who we hope will be very happy here . And thank you also for Carl ... Mark ...
I think we 're the answers too . All of us together , as a team ! I think we 'd all passed when we walked .
Ah , Mrs Parker , may I introduce you to our new housekeeper , Grace Hawkins . Mrs Parker is chairman ... chair of the St. Michael 's Flower Arranging Committee . Which I wanted to talk to you about .
He 's in his car . And that was n't just any man , was it , Gloria ? That was your lover .
OK , OK. Just tell us what you want . I want to be alone !
Holly 's got a very nice new boyfriend , and she told me to tell you , that you 'd be pleased with her choice . He 's not like the others . I actually believe he might be a calming influence on her .
I saw it coming over and I started to write songs about it . * .. all go hand in hand * Hand in hand through their
I 'll be back in a minute . Let 's cheer for your father , shall we , perhaps that 'll help . - Come on , Dad .
You 're not gon na shoot me . - I did n't take it to shoot you ! I took it to stop you from using it on us !
He was right in their pocket . And , in that very instant , ..... he was neutered . It was like somebody came along with a knife and cut his bollocks off .
What sort of things would you pinch ? Clothes off the washing line . If I thought they looked cool , I thought '' I 'll have that . ''
That 's where we fill in the gaps , because they could n't get to see ' em . So when did Wonderwall start ? Er , ninety ... ' 96 , were it ?
Shut up ! I need medication , it 's in my pocket . - What kind of medication ?
So , what 's half an hour ? You take this off , and you 're just a man , Walter Goodfellow . Do n't forget Petey , now .
Robbie Williams making music kind of like Oasis . So once he was doing it , ..... you knew it was over , that was the moment it was finished . * And through it all
Clarence ! Get out of the way ! Move !
But , you know , you can get these CDs now , where you can play along . He 'd stayed up to watch the election all night , ..... and I asked him how he managed to stay up all night . And he leant into me and said ..... '' Probably not by the same means you did . ''
It would n't get any sweeter than this , I 'm sure . So they joined the board , secured some big fat stock options and bought themselves the right to have a little fun ... With us .
Officially I need someone with me . - I think , under the circumstances ... the normal rules do not apply . Grace , wait .
Tell me I 'm wrong . On second thoughts , do n't answer that . Answer this ...
Almost . As it is , we 're happy to be hiring someone today . I have n't accepted yet .
They 've all got their sordid little agendas . In sixty years , Mrs. Goodfellow , I have never known anything like it . And in my condition , too .
Country House ) * And so the story begins * City dweller
Compare and contrast They 're not looking for that . A job like this needs initiative , observation ...
Then what about the letch ? I 'm assuming Dad does n't know about him ? Because I do n't think he should , I do n't think he should know anything .
* Needs some shelter ... * I just did n't understand why ..... two bands suddenly became the barometer for the whole music scene . For us , and other bands , who were not at all interested , ..... it became a little more difficult to make your presence felt , ..... because you had to have this kind of ...
Let me guess , '' near-infrared '' ? All right , everyone , try again . - Anyone ?
I am ! I 've got two dead bodies . One in the pond , one in the sitting room .
It 's about ... There are two or three really good songs on it , ..... but it was supposed to be the big , big triumphal record . Labour got in , Oasis were preparing their big statement , ..... and it comes out ..... three or four days before Princess Di gets killed .
Let me tell you what I think . I think we 're the answers too . All of us together , as a team !
... are quite unbelievable . In my whole experience in 43 years on this committee . I 'm well aware of this problem .
Only the ones with Narcissistic Personality Disorder . There are nine character traits to look for : arrogance , grandiosity , a belief in one 's uniqueness , a preoccupation with power and success , an excessive need to be admired , a sense of entitlement , lack of empathy and the twin tendencies to envy and exploit others .
* To steal what she never ... - lt was a sunny day . The sunshine looked Day-Glo because of all the chemicals in the air .
Like I said , trust is a devalued currency in here . What proof can I possibly give you ? You know , it 's funny ... how something so simple and inoffensive as a piece of paper , when placed in the wrong hands can become a deadly weapon .
I 'll take Brown over Gandhi , we 're talking about something that matters . I 'll take that as a yes . So , what else has n't he forbidden ?
It was only a real story that had happened when I was at art college . This Greek girl did say she wanted to move to Hackney , actually , ..... and live like the common people . And me saying that could n't happen , ..... because she could live in those circumstances , ..... but she would just be acting a role , ..... because she knew she could always escape from it .
Coke suddenly did become , I mean , suddenly huge ..... and very readily available . Well , it 's a very self-congratulatory kind of a drug , you know. `` Ah , yes , we 're inventing the future ( !
I 'm afraid I ca n't do that ! I can see it , but I ca n't reach ! Let me try !
I bet . I assume the platinum blondes have n't visited ? No .
Yet on the other hand , they kinda did wan na be in Vanity Fair . It was as though , if something has n't been noticed by the US media , ..... particularly New York glossy magazines , ..... it 's as though it has n't really happened . So , even though Cool Britannia was this , sort of , violent reaction , ..... um , to things precisely like Vanity Fair , ..... and their enormous influence , ..... saying '' We do n't care what you think .
Now , seriously , though , Mike , I think you 're all right . Which is why what I 'm about to say to you comes not as a police officer but someone that wants to help you . So why do n't you do yourself a solid , take witness protection and testify ?
Leadership course , cabaret performance , I was meant to be demonstrating my panache . I know you 've always thought I 'm an idiot , and I probably am .
I 'll buy it on Amazon , which is probably what I should have done in the first place . Diana , please , we do not use the '' a '' word in our little emporium . Anything I can help you with ?
Wait for the right opportunity to come up . You know the England manager position 's open ? You should go for that .
* I am too busy losing myself in my mind * * in my mind * * in my mind * * in my mind * * on this island the silence is all mine * * there is no one to say otherwise * * if you tell me you love me I wo n't hear * * I am too busy losing myself in my mind *
Well , you 'll have to do more than consult , I 'm afraid . With money like that , we 'll need her signature , and not yours . The only stipulation that the publishers have made is that the author commit herself to a full-scale press campaign .
Not like this one . You need to let my hands do the talking . Hate men like him .
Well , well , I mean , maybe . Yes , but that 's not the point . Here you are .
These lot want half a million or theyTe gon na kill me . Just get Robinson to pay , all right ? Please .
You do . What am I meant to say ? What you just told me , all of it .
Sid does n't restrict your speech . Sometimes it 's good to vent . Maybe my heart ca n't take it .
We 're on a profit share . - Oh , so you 're not being paid . Shh .
I was proud of you . This does n't mean I approve . - Oh , no .
Well , it 's a bit late to say no . Here 's the thing , the owners are going to close this place . What ?
Only the tiniest dose . I 'm warning you , I can get high on a travel sweet . Whoo-hoo !
She should n't have ignored you for six months . And she should n't have lied to me . So let 's get to the bottom of this .
[ Cheering ] * and it 's not that I do n't know the answers * * I just do n't know what to say * * not that I know how to answer * * in any other way * Oh , well done .
Eddie said it was all legit . But if it was , why the hell were n't we using DHL ? It did cross my mind to call him and tell him I 'd changed my mind .
Ein horn , one horn . Ladies and gentlemen , we have resolved . Could I have my boyfriend back now , please ?
♪ I got you , baby , I got you ♪ I got you , I got you , I got you ♪ and I 'll scratch your back and you scratch mine
For this culture show thing . I thought you 'd taken them swimming . Uh , mission aborted .
What he was saying there ... I know what he means . It 's what I thought when I came here , that sex was the answer .
Now , you do n't live in London , do you ? Quite a lot of people do n't , as it happens . Silly me , of course they do n't .
That 's OK , mate . I did n't pay for it . Come on .
[ Sighs ] Look , I do n't even know how long I want to stay there . It 's not like I 'm carrying Ralph 's demon lovechild .
Oh , of course . Yes , although I would say ... - [ phone rings ]
Next time you decide to insult one of our most valued customers , you might remind yourself that we are the width of a paperback novella away from bankruptcy . Or are you too idealistic to care ? David , unlike you to do the lunchtime session .
I mean ... she 's like having a pair of saggy tits . What the hell is wrong with you ? Well , is that a '' no '' ?
No . Nobody said anything about any money . Look , you just take the package to the address I give you .
I can give you five minutes . [ David ] That 's all I need , miss law . I 'm only seeing you because my colleague tells me that you interviewed him once on some horrid little provincial rag .
No , it 's not . I meant the incident just now . It 's not resolved .
A little nugget of advice , Mr. rose . In the literary , indeed , the entire entertainment business , the answer to a question like that is no . Communication of any kind is frowned upon .
I can help . Bringing people together is what we 're all about . That 's what worries me .
What do I do ? Sign the contract and enjoy yourself . [ Laughs ]
[ Breathing deeply ] If you want to call it '' throwing away , '' then fine , I was throwing it away because I did n't want it ,
Magic ... Way it turns out , that lovely lady in the jewelery shop waited exactly 15 minutes . But it did n't take them 15 minutes to find me .
Yes , it 's true . We could do with a few more songs , though . Man , we 're gon na have our own show .
♪ Too verbose , you come too close , sir ♪ ♪ Please step back and think ♪ ♪ That 's the trouble flesh attracts the leery look ♪
Good . So you should n't have any trouble getting her to do an interview tomorrow . Oh , I do n't think our little online effort
Milk and sugar ? - No , I like it dark . That 's an impressive set of guns ( arms ) you have there you must be handy in a brawl .
Yeah . Dan will look after you . - I do n't need babysitting .
What you mean we ? Wait no , I 'm just saying . I 'm just saying No no no , Charlie , Charles
Just you , just now . - You 're very good at it . - Thank you .
Bastards . You could go up there ... with a strap . Blow his fucking head off .
Here 's an idea for ya . Find that piece of you Charles . That piece , that does n't belong here .
It was too ... I do n't know , it feels like a long time ago . I think I could do it much better now .
And all my life I wanted to be famous . I knew I was made for better things I had a calling .
Yeah , I 'm kind of in between places . Ah , well , you know , there is a room in my flat -- sort of a room , a bit of a room that 's free .
Truth be told though they did n't want me in there anymore anyway . Apparently , I 'd managed to cost the system tens of millions of pounds in damage and her Majesty no longer wanted to pleasure herself with Britain 's most expensive prisoner ! I know it 's not the moniker that I was looking for but what were they gon na do ?
♪ Boogie to the right ♪ ♪ Cassie dances madly like a boxing kangaroo ♪ ♪ Her little joey buys the drinks ♪
And I 'm gon na ask you for your help , once more . This is the business , we 've chosen . Conolly 's great game , is still being played .
1974 . Tough time to be young in England . Not a lot of opportunity around .
You go home and get some rest . - I wo n't forget what you did - Hey ...
We were told that al-Qaeda never use women . Every parasite adapts to its host and evolves . It 's only a question of time .
♪ I 'll just use it all at once ♪ ♪ Took the fence and the lane ♪ ♪ The bus then the train ♪
That ring there , sir ? That 's a £ 1,000 ring , sir ! Fine ...
you let me know . This tracker is magnetised , so it 's great for use in all cars . Just pop in the sim card and call it from your mobile .
Okay , I get that most of the things that Eve says about me are true . I think she thinks I 'm too opinionated and bitter . I know she thinks I just wan na be comfortable .
♪ Rent a cheap second and crystal ball ♪ ♪ I would trust my future to you ♪ ( whistling )
♪ ♪ My mind is unknowing of any such luck ♪ ♪
I need something . So , you want a favour now ? Let Ryan go .
Watch ! I got a librarian up here ! And he 's in a lot of trouble !
I do n't know , it feels like a long time ago . I think I could do it much better now . No , it 's okay .
Well , I appreciate the offer . I 'm offering you the chance to get the job done right , this time . So , what would I have to do ?
♪ I 'll barter my freedom , I 'll trade all my medals ♪ ♪ Please keep in dreams ♪ ♪
Powerful ... You could make some money . Serious money !
Just tell me the first thing you did when you got out of bed this morning . Well , I meant to get up really early , but I was still the last nap and I had to fill the dishwasher'cause I was last downstairs , which was a rip-off'cause I did n't get anything to eat . And then what happened ?
He 's completely committed . He has the backing of any number of rich Saudis , who are sympathetic to his cause . He 's highly organized and very disciplined .
♪ ♪ Is this your soul you 're facing ? ♪
Bye . If there 's anything you can help us with , Mr. Brown , please get in touch . Thank you .
Roger that . Changing vehicles to a black X5 ... Last 3 :
Tired . The walk fromNazareth , people did that all the time . And he was a carpenter .
They 'll hunt us . You saved my life , Alyana . Alyana , listen , I 'm gon na take you to the train station .
Has it kept it 's value ? It 's gone up twenty percent in the last two years , because of the schools . He does send you to school does n't he ?
You know how to do that . They wanted the attack to happen the whole time . I was just put there to make sure that Abdullah carried out their orders .
Excuse me please . Wheelchair like these need your help . Fifty percent of families with a chronically ill child , break up .
Where is she ? We put her on a plane , this morning . To Lebanon .
You 're aware why we 've asked you here today . If I knew where the cells were , do n't you think I would 've told you ? That 's what we 're here , to find out .
You little belter . I just ca n't see why it 's so difficult . I need a wee .
Your background makes you the perfect candidate . I 've recommended you and they 've accepted . Take the weekend for yourself , Alice .
I was told to let it develop . I was assured that it would be stopped , at the eleventh hour . I did everything Turner asked .
Pure scary , pure scary . Hey , give me your money . Come on , empty your pockets .
I 've had a request from Division . They 're looking for experienced officer to head up a major inquiry into identity theft . Your background makes you the perfect candidate .
You know ? Are you allowed to smoke then ? You can do what you like up there , son .
Oh , Christ , yeah . - Do you want me to pour it out ? - Please .
Thank you very much . That was Claire Miller with the news . Lisa , where were we , brain or brawn ?
Of course , one of the most famous infinitive splits of all time came in the introductory lines of Star Trek , '' to boldly go , '' and ... I think if the writers of a popular American television series can get away with it for 40 years , then , really , any of us can . Do n't worry , he 's always like this .
My first act as a Saint . What was your next one ? Washing a leper .
* Remember we were partners in crime * It 's only 2 years ago * The man with the suit and the pace You know that he was there ...
Yeah . Sometimes I wonder if Nathan will ever find anyone , you know ? Nathan 's nothing like me .
Do you realise how serious this is , Noel ? You could be going to prison for the rest of your life . Still , you might get to see a bit more of your old man .
It 's mine . We 'll have to change more than this . - No !
Ugly . Do you want to try ? Okay .
Mum , give it a rest , will ya ? Sergeant Hicock , can I please speak to my mum ? She 's upset .
Of course , you 'd have known all this if you 'd been at the briefing . He was with the Royal Marines , stationed in Northern Ireland . I had the MOD send me his old service record .
How are you doing ? How 's it going out there ? Everything 's different and everyone 's cleverer than me .
No , no , it 's fine . Nathan , Nathan , do n't get upset . It 's fine .
Yeah , she lived in the desert , obviously . And when she wanted to move house . Angels came , picked up her house and took it to Italy .
It does not mean that ... I do n't find myself liking you . Excuse me .
It 's absolutely ... - Would you be prepared to consider a direct debit . Just shut up , will you ?
I get told nothing you know , nothing . Are you going to come and do some chopping ? It 's lasagne , your favourite .
Help yourselves to drinks . I 'm just on stirring duty . Oi .
Right ! No point in dilly-dallying , I suppose . I 'll pin your scores up on the board in a second .
For the first time , I feel like I 've got some power . You know , I chose this place . I furnished and decorated it .
An i BOT obviously . And a stamp on it hydraulic rocket capable of a attaining altitudes of over one hundred metres . Three ...
Yes . Gifted but not arrogant , Isaac . Here we are .
I know . You know , I thought I saw you once a few years ago . I just lost you in the crowd .
Well , we 've ... Done exactly what we thought you 'd like . This is ...
`` A plus B , A plus C ... '' `` A plus B , A plus C , B plus C and A plus B plus C '' `` are all the same colour . ''
* So deeply that I can not see * The one thing to save me * I 'm feeling like I did before I knew you
`` As the old proverb say , '' Slowly , slowly , catchy prawn . '' Now , you put your bait on the hooks and you put your hooks in the water . Do n't worry , Nathan .
No fork . Go and see what is happening . I 'm going to cut your head off like a pig 's .
You 're a big girl now , Georgie , and I want you to understand that adults , they get lonely . What am I trying to say ? I like Lawrence a lot .
Zhang Mei 's in there . We might want to study . So , that man today , he is not your father ?
Stables , you know , he wants the quiet life . He 's retired from killing and humiliating Muslims . We do n't retire .
Ah , fair play . Well , listen , I should tell you , I 'm not a very good teacher . I barely encourage myself to get out of bed , let alone inspire some kid with special powers who wants to spend all his spare time doing maths .
I 'm sorry , but I do n't want us to go out anymore . You see , until now , I 've never really had any control over my life . I 've always lived with people who took all the responsibility , whether it was my family or flatmates or lovers .
I do n't need to tell you the repercussions for this government , especially with the election looming . The clock is ticking on all of us . It 's just you and I here , Charlotte .
These are delicious , darling ! You 'll want royalties now , wo n't you ? That just may be , but ...
# And I # I hope for your life # You forget about mine
Yeah , I remember . Last letter I got from him , he ... He said the regiment were n't the same since you left .
I 've already thought of no end of improvements I can make with the menu . I phoned the bank , and in theory they 're going to give me the working capital , but I do n't need much . * London 's burning
How about I just slice your tits off and stick them on the wall , hey ? I gave you a chance , Hannah . I gave you a fucking chance !
♪ We sing ♪ Sing all our cares away ♪ We 'll live
You 're not one of us . You have n't suffered like we have . This is your country .
When I heard that he 'd come out , I had hoped that William and ... But no .
I fight my own battles , Tommy . It 's not just you they 've offended . They have also offended me .
Might still be here . Back in a minute with some painkillers . Yeah .
Oh , what 's the point ? Do n't know what the big deal is about being gay . Why does it have to make gay people want to be actors and hairdressers and fashion designers ?
Just I need to open up . Do you want to come in ? I 'll open up .
* And it puts out the light inside me * Might make nothing of me * And I
I want to spend some time with George . But I 'm free on Wednesday . Come and see the shells I found .
One of the government 's first steps was the removal of the Secret Service 's old guard , Sir Scott Catesby , and the passing of more stringent terror laws which saw the deportation of the radical cleric Nabil Alawi . I am returning to my country of birth tomorrow but I am distraught that the country that is my home is expelling me on false charges . I will fight for my corner .
♪ You were all right , you came for the night ♪ And you loved , you loved to fight ♪ And you do n't just shake our hands
It 's like something served halftime at the Battle of Hastings . I told her about my cinnamon twirls , and we 're going to try them out next week . You 're a real hero .
Good , good . You take it to the car . Here , you , take ...
Yeah , I know . Well , I picked up a couple of stickers anyway . Madonna .
What you doing stood way over here ? Thought I 'd stay out the way . A pity you could n't have done that a few years ago .
Have some respect for him , for his family . You got hurt , but you 're here . You 're alive .
It 's 11 o'clock . - You want a cup of tea ? - Yes , please .
Just tell that maniac to call Alex and tell him the truth . I ca n't do that , Harry . If you want to pay hookers and pretend it 's love , that 's up to you , but it 's a different ballgame when it affects me !
James , I did n't do anything . Please pick up the phone . Can I get a gin and tonic , please ?
And you continue to ignore it . You seem confused at our actions . Lost in your decadent world .
Want to set up now ? Oh , yes , if you 'd like , or I can send you an invoice , if you prefer ? We 'll do it now , shall we ?
A load of lies . Did he lay on the charm ? What have you done , girl ?
He shot himself . That 's what came to tell your husband the other day . Can you account for Dr. Stromming 's whereabouts on Saturday evening ?
♪ So I took out my dog ♪ And him I did shoot ♪ Down in the County Kildare
Mary Tremlett 's poetry books . Thought we 'd been through that . Know , but they 're not just hardbacks , sir .
Tell me about him . - Young guy , said his name was Paul . - Paul ?
' I 'm not proud , cos I love dogs . 'But it had to be done to even things up in my mind a bit . 'Think I went a bit native .
Morning . Just bringing Mr . Crisp up to date , sir . You were , were you ?
The world 's long on academics , Morse . But woeful short of good detectives . Things as they are , could use a permanent bagman .
My daddy was a cunt , but he knew he was a cunt . God still thinks he 's God . Nobody 's told him otherwise .
♪ We miss you , we want you back ♪ You do n't just touch our hearts ♪ Oh , no , you steal ' em
Until the title fell dormant . It 's vaguely Crown Estate now . Crown Estate ?
Talk ! Words have had no impact on you . Politics has had no impact on you .
I 'd advise you to consider very carefully before you answer . This is a very serious complaint . Did Inspector Thursday hit Teddy Samuels ?
There 's these fresh lovely flowers that they planted in the park . Some sort of mural they were making . Welcome to Buckingham .
Ex-military with intelligence associations . He has served in secret prisons all over the Middle East , killing and torturing people we know , you know , people close to us . He 's not in the services any more , you know , he 's ... bought a farm .
Flaxman 1-7-double 8 . That is your phone number . Yes , it is , but ... how this young girl came to have it ,
Barcelona , man . I 've never even been on a plane , so ... Listen , the Indoors are just a warm-up , girl .
The Southern Justice League . Maybe these will refresh your memory . Connect me .
Flattered by Stromming 's attentions , perhaps even believing herself to be in love with him , Mary Tremlett threw herself into their affair , abandoning the young man with whom she had hitherto been close . Distraught , Miles Percival confided his fears to the one person he thought might be able to bring Stromming to heel .
Come on , then . You really work with the English police ? Why should n't I ?
Hand ! That looked messy for Great Britain . Its slow .
Weapon 's a Webley . Mark VI , if you 're interested . .455 , standard army issue .
Motion to strike Dr. Hill as an expert witness because of prior knowledge of my defendant , Darius Grady . Of course he has prior knowledge . That 's what makes him an expert .
You might have tight quads . Can you face me , please ? You seem very good at your job .
On your way . Something you want to say , Arthur ? You know the kind of people Teddy 's tight with .
I can introduce reasonable doubt . There 's no doubt , reasonable or unreasonable . - Do you think he did n't do it ?
Very quick witted . Really , it was just one of those stupid things . One of the younger dons mentioned that it was a pity we did n't see more people like that coming to Oxford .
14th Texas National Guard . So you never got to Iraq . You never left Kuwait .
Come on , man , she 's my baby girl . I ca n't let her get away from me , can I ? That 's love , innit ?
I 'm just saying Sarah 's faster . Not on race day , ladies , please . Where 's Shania ?
Think you should take some time off . Let me show you the real Texas . Think I better go home .
Morse . He 's come to talk with you . College business .
Where were you , Jenny ? Mary introduced me to this man she knew . He had these parties .
And there go Trinidad and Tobago , too . A way go Great Britain . They 're still the top three .
What the hell are you doing here ? I 'm looking for a colleague of yours ... Dr. Stromming .
He represented a lot of the kids arrested for drug offenses during Lee-Burrill 's time . I believe he got Darius off . Hmm ?
J ' entra nel porto J ' J ' Romba it suo saluto J ' J ' Vedi ?
Someone does n't like what I 'm doing . With the strong advice that you pack up and go home before you do yourself any more harm . Understood , Sheriff .
Not You , as well ? Look , please , just for a couple of days ? No way .
You were to meet Mary Tremlett Saturday night at 8 : 00 at Bagley Wood , while your wife was safely out of the way at choir practice . Did n't set Bagley Wood .
Bradfield Cl D. Please leave a message after the beep . It 's me .
No . No , I 'm back with my old coach . Just about the 200 metres now .
We 'll find out in court . I 'd like to help you . No thank you .
You do , do ya ? - That 's half of it there . A load of bollocks , pal .
Yeah , me neither . I only got into physio after my injury . Before that it was all about the running .
Now , I kept this out of the media . Said the camera was down . You 'll see why .
♪ He 's got some front Ai n't we all ♪ Be the joker Play the fool ♪ What 's politics ?
Barcelona 's big , but it 's nothing like the real thing . Look , where do you pay for all this stuff ? Do n't worry about it , babe .
One stab wound each to the heart . The killer looks them in the face and stabs them in the heart . But why use a knife ?
Ready ? We 're gon na need to get a cabinet for all these soon . Listen , before we go there 's , there 's something I want you to have .
Ready . I can feel it through every fibre of my being . I 'm ready to go out there and do it .
I 'm going , I 'm going . The jury will disregard the witness 's remarks . Look , I mean , what can I say ?
Well , I do now . So , what 's his story with drugs ? Same as most kids in Luther .
That man is driving me crazy . I swear , if he comes anywhere near me again ... Are you gon na turn that shower off ?
Always good . - Just put it down on the table . - No , take it , bruv .
Go ! Call it Loud and clear . I wan na hear it .
♪ A pregnant heroin addict Who said she did n't plan it ♪ So never thought to stop Or ever kick the habit ♪ Cos Kirby let her do it And she knew he always had it
He insisted to the psychologist that he knew what he was doing . He even tried to kill himself- not once , but twice- because he felt so guilty . The best that you can do is to agree with him .
'With their complex romantic attachments 'Oh , look on their sorrows and weep 'They do n't get a moment 's reflection
Would n't waste one of my snakes . Why are we here , Mr. Lee-Burrill ? 'Cause that snake got me thinking , Doc .
'Oh , look on their sorrows and weep 'They do n't get a moment 's reflection 'There 's always a cloud in their eye
You want to be boss , you dress boss . Want to take a shower ? Possessions .
♪ Then I 'll know his secret name ♪ ♪ And tell him about the nighttime ♪ ♪ After night ♪
I 'll have a vodka . - Do you want orange with it ? - Yeah , I 'll have it with orange .
No . I 've just been around for a really long time , and there 's certain things I know how to sit with . Okay ?
Can I take a message ? You tell him Frankie called . You need to make some money , sound of things .
Some woman 's just abandoned her yoot on a train ! And she obviously do n't want it , man . Bruv ... what the fuck is that smell ?
♪ This is cold rolled back ♪ ♪ When you 're locked in the dungeon ♪ ♪ You know you 're trapped ♪
Is that right ? I do n't want you to do anything . They hit one of my clubs .
It is simple . There will be another chance . Well , we better hope so for both of our sakes , right ?
♪ When you 're locked in the dungeon ♪ ♪ You know you 're trapped ♪ ♪ Unh , and you 're also wack ♪
not as much what a pair , ey ? me and you black and blue where are we going ? - staying with a mate for a bit stay away from London .... fine there he owes me money
who are you ? i am a friend of Kelly 's we 're just waiting for her what friend ? Derek , here she is coming how long have you been here ?
Fuck off , sonny . You be here when I get back . I was kind of thinking about ...
Ah , yeah is she back yet ? - no oh , she is coming back here though , is n't she ? her phone 's here , i n't it ?
Derrick , please don't.-What ? Who do you think I am asking you to do ? Mate , how long is you gon na be ?
everything felt as cardboard little bit of silver paper you get inside he sat there and watched me eat the lot
Look do n't start Kelly I need to find a girl , and I need her for tonight - Well , I do n't know anyone , do I ?
For how long ? - An hour , hour and a half I do n't wan na be on my own
it 's allright , come on i 'm scared , i want to go home , now- i wan na go home and all it 's allright , darling allright , slow down , slow down there it is , up what 's going on ?
my Dad smokes you know my Dad , do n't you ? i 've found some cigarettes , that belonged to my Dad once i was probably about half your age
It 's Barber he wants . We got to get out of here . Is there a fire escape ?
Yes , you are Here , use this as a pillow . Stew , what 's happening ?
All right , come on Stop missing out , all right ? Come on you 're the most beautiful girl I know , what 's the matter ?
That 's 6 bloody weeks . I 'll make it 7 if you carry on with language like that . Come on .
You saw me . Considered me beneath you , looked down on me , dismissed me ... just like you did every other club and every other manager . Never would I knowingly refuse to shake a colleague 's hand .
I DO N'T KNOW . DO YOU THINK IT 'S A TRAP ? WHY WOULD HE BE OUTSIDE ?
You and I feel it is impossible to continue our good work ... with Derby County . We therefore wish to tender our resignations with immediate effect . What ?
NOT TO MENTION DEAD IF WE IGNORE IT . YOU DO N'T BELIEVE IN GHOSTS , I DO N'T BELIEVE IN GHOSTS . WELL , WHETHER WE BELIEVE IN GHOSTS OR NOT IS IRRELEVANT .
It depends on your priorities , players or prawn sandwiches . I know which I 'd prefer . I know which honest working- class Derby supporters would prefer too .
Man : IT 'S ALWAYS GOOD TO GET OUT OF THAT CAR . THOSE TWO GO TO NIGEL 'S OLD ROOM ,
THEY WERE -- THEY WERE BLANK , NOT RIGHT . JUST LIKE TIM SAID TOM 'S WERE BEFORE . LOOK .
YOU KNOW , ONE WEEK IN MY HOUSE , AND YOU 'D NEVER WANT TO COME BACK TO SCOTLAND . - OH , COME ON .
WE DO N'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED , BUT I CA N'T BELIEVE THAT TOM WOULD KILL JO . Laura :
Oh , yes . Like a fire that stirs everything up . Then there 's this .
WHATEVER YOU WERE , I DO N'T KNOW WHAT 'S GOING ON NOW . I 'M SORRY , PETE , IT 'S THE DICE UNDER THE CUP . I CA N'T RISK OPENING THE DOOR TO FIND OUT .
I CA N'T TAKE YOU ANYWHERE WITHOUT YOU DESTROYING EVERYTHING . YOU MIGHT WANT TO HAVE A LOOK AT THIS . WELL , IF IT INVOLVES ME GETTING UP , YOU 'LL HAVE TO DESCRIBE IT TO ME .
They 've not been loved . But then , you know , that 's hardly surprising given ... the type of operation that 's been in place there. `` That type of operation '' ?
IT 'S ALL RIGHT . I WO N'T LET ANYTHING HAPPEN TO YOU , I PROMISE . - NOTHING .
YOU DO N'T KNOW THAT . WE DO N'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED , BUT I CA N'T BELIEVE THAT TOM WOULD KILL JO .
WHAT CAN I SAY ? NO GOOD DEED IS UNRETURNED . HIS EYES .
It wo n't take long . We welcome Brian Clough who starts his job as manager of Leeds United ... taking over from Don Revie ... the most successful manager in club history ... - under whom Leeds won everything .
YEAH , THE POLICE . THE SNOW MUST 'VE BROUGHT DOWN THE LINES . ( sobbing )
HE WAS REALLY ANGRY . TIM WOULD N'T TURN INTO A PSYCHO KILLER OVER A BOBBLE HAT . - THAT WAS YEARS AGO .
Now , there must be sadness when anyone leaves a family . However ... when one man leaves , another steps into his place . I know who I think that person should be ... the man to replace me .
YOU TOO , SWEETIE . WHERE WERE YOU LAST WEEK ? I TOTALLY FORGOT .
I 'D RATHER GO OUT AND KEEP LOOKING THAN WAIT FOR HIM TO FIND US . HE KNOWS THIS HOUSE A LOT BETTER THAN WE DO . I STILL THINK WE SHOULD GO ON LOOKING .
Probably bought sweets from Garnett 's factory where me dad worked . I heard he wears the same suit to every game . His lucky blue suit .
She could n't love me to the same level that she loved Lisa and Andrew . Might have been innocent on Mum 's part , but it was portrayed as very racist on my part , considering I was the only one that had colour . You know , so , erm ...
Erm ... But that 's probably why I do n't remember much of me childhood , really . Everything was weird , and then I got separated from Lisa and Andrew and that was odd .
Give it and go ! Peas in a pod , me and Don . 2 peas in a bloody pod .
And then when me mum got to find out , she 'd say , '' I 'd shoot her for what she 's done . '' `` She 's no granddaughter of mine . '' Bradford Crown Court heard how Harris Dunbar , at the age of just two , had developed such a craving for methadone that as his mother took it for her heroin addiction in front of him , he 'd hold out his arms screaming , as if for a fix himself .
Am I hearing right ? Is the chairman of this football club ... seriously asking his manager to lose ? You know what I 'm saying .
Who 's been making a right arse of himself in the past few months ? Who fancies a trip to the seaside , to see Uncle Pete ? - Me .
I took two overdoses and said , '' No , I 'm not going back . '' And Steve and Ann agreed to foster me . Life got great .
You 've got William . Why is it only you and your feelings we have to think of ? MARY :
( Lorraine ) My mum used to take the door handles off . She 'd check in the bedroom there was no knives or forks because if you got a knife or fork you could put the handle in to get out of the door . And , erm , we never used to get out of the room until Mum was up and she was ready to sort of release us from our prison , if you like .
MRS SUMMERSBY : We tried our best to keep her happy , you know . And I think we succeeded by and large .
And then the second time was when Lisa Dunbar , Andrea 's second child , who was in the audience , screaming and crying , going , '' No , I ca n't , no . '' And leaving the theatre and people in the audience going , '' Shh . ''
Yeah . And she seemed to want to go . I did n't see any coercion or anything .
and just think , '' Forget ' em all , '' and just get on with your life or you can think , `` I wo n't do that and I 'll sit back and you know , I 'll write to you and maybe see you and see how long you get and see what you come out like . '' I do n't think it 's ever something you come to terms with .
Your dad . - Are n't you excited about hearing from him ? - Yeah .
We have n't heard from your young Kirsty Rook this morning . She usually rings us to say the baby has n't arrived yet . Well , she got her maternity grant yesterday , so I think she 's out shopping with her mum .
So , then they said , '' Well , she obviously does n't want to go back there . '' `` She has a choice of either going in a home or , well , do you want to look after her ? '' So , she said , '' Yeah , I want to stop here . '' So we said , '' Yeah . ''
J * Why 'd you trade heaven J * For these earthly things ? J * When did you lose your halo ...
`` I heard her say she wished she 'd had an abortion with me . '' `` How could she say that ? '' `` Every day I feel hurt , pain , anger , hate . ''
Well , the wife is and my other daughter Pamela , but I 'm at home with the children . ( interviewer ) Mrs Dunbar , have you read it or will it be a surprise ? ( mother ) I 've read it .
I was thinking you might want a lift . You want the truth I was hoping to go for a walk . Sorry , it was n't meant to sound like an offer .
OK , stop . You 're way ahead of me . You Know when we were at Doris 's and you were at William 's ?
I do n't know . What I do n't understand is why he 's the boss and you 're number two . It 's a real mystery to me , that one , I 'm telling you .
J * I love you as I 've never loved before J * Since first I saw you on the village green J * Come to me in my dreams of long ago ...
You 'll see . I know you will , but I 've been thinking . There may be a way of getting more , quicker .
Do you have an appointment , sir ? - They 're going to want to see me . - See you later .
I know it 's wrong . I know it 's bad for me . But it can make me feel so good .
I would n't mind being upset , but otherwise ... Perhaps it 'll take me by surprise . ( Phone rings )
Now I 'm an old git , and I ca n't get enough of reading and whatnot . History 's what I like best . All those kings and queens with their armies and wars .
Do n't insult my intelligence , Jermaine , please ? Well , kind of , but not really . I got ta take you back with all the money , so Leroy can check it 's all there .
Mary it 's Clare at the birthing center . We have n't heard from your young Kirsty Rook this morning . She usually rings us to say the baby has n't arrived yet .
Ca n't complain . Get in here a minute . Rest your feet up .
William . Mr Carstairs I 'll be finished here by five . Could you stop doing that , please ?
Shut up . - Do you think I look like an undertaker ? - Yeah , you do .
I 'm going to call you straight back . How long since your last contraction ? Good .
Look , I 'm not expecting you to go charging in there tonight on my say so , am I ? Well , that 's very kind of you . I 'm not unreasonable .
Take a few days . Stay here over the weekend . Do your homework .
What ? - And put a load in bin liners by the front door . I put them back , but ...
Oh . That music was so beautiful . Yeah , apart from that little wobble I had .
Dean , we 're never gon na get another chance like this . It 's a lot of money . It 's a fuck of a lot of money .
That 's what you need . You and I go to another barn . Talk .
Let 's get this done . Hold on , I have n't finished my breakfast yet . Have it to go .
I go for 84 . You may count the money . Very mercenary .
But not like this . There 's a place in the Old Town that 'll suit us fine . Madam ... l-l-l-I 'll ... take the high road ...
God does not look at you . There are men who look . Doloreta Bring back to me .
Russian . They bring the toilets to Russia ? - No , they bring them nowhere .
Starts off small , does n't it ? But without a touch of the moss , it can grow as big as your head ! This is never moss .
They are going to build a cage . How did you get that gun ? A kid in the park .
They do not listen to me . They do not want my help , my money or my family business . It 's a shit business .
A pound ? - Man starts getting fancy clothes ... also starts getting fancy ideas . Just think of it as a tax between a man and a wife .
I can not . Tonight I want my money . - Yes .
This is no time to be resting on your laurels . Or to be getting yourself inebriated . You got a business to run .
No , not arriving . I can not work tonight . - Is your job more important than your family ?
A talent like that is a gift from God . To see it go to waste over something as trivial as money , that 'd be a travesty . I had no idea you were so passionate about the theatre , Mr. Burke .
I think you look lovely . I 'll see you on Friday ? Excellent work , Fox .
Does this happen every day ? - They made a big mistake . It will be okay .
`` Wee Captain Tam McLintoch of the Edinburgh Militia `` has apprehended the perpetrators of the notorious West Port murders. `` The list of victims include Mrs. Mary O'Toole of the New Town ...
Who is bleeding ? You know what weather you speak English ? - I speak good English .
Women like that in a man . - May I see you tonight ? - Uh , um ... l-I do n't think that 's a good idea .
I 've heard things and seen I could not see . I 'm a big fraud discovered in the City . Stevie and Sonny were still babies .
I played Agnes in Moliere 's '' School For Wives '' at the Garrick Theatre in London . And after that , times got tough , and I branched out into ...
The Minister of the Interior ... are there in 4000 women in prostitution . 12.3 million people perform forced labor . Half are children .
But I would walk 500 miles And I would walk 500 more Just to be the man who walked 1,000 miles
Let me out . - Use good deodorant at the wedding . Is there damage ?
Not for sale . I want her to settle a debt . But I trade in children .
You 're not harassed by the authorities , the competition , or any other antagonist that just come along . So we pay you for ... protection ? Why , yes , I like that .
You have to be a lot of toilets for delivery . I do not because you mats marries the daughter of the boss . Bring Jed and Stevie to the gym .
There was a Muslim nurse at the hospital . Her God was n't a bombing God . It 's not their God that bothers me .
And that idiotic hat . Forgive me , Father ... for I know not what I do . He should n't have to go like this .
I 'll go down the shops and get something nice for tea . Choc-choc chip ice-cream to celebrate a win . Crisps .
I apologise . I feel like I 'm about to go off myself , I 'm so full of nerves . We 've got a little boy , he 's four .
He is coming back ! He texted me to meet him . I kept it .
The Crown vs Mohammad Ahmad , 2002 . Sonny Ghorbani was a suspect in that case . You had him under surveillance five years ago .
I tried to talk to her . She wo n't speak to me now . She 'll want to protect their child .
I never thought I could , but ... but sometimes I let myself . So please tell me that it is n't true . What ?
'So they rebuilt the city in three years , stronger and taller . 'London is a city built on the wreckage of itself , Osama . 'It 's had more comebacks than '' The Evil Dead '' .
'But I would still urge communities'to give us the names we need . 'Not because of race or religion , 'but because at base we are all humans'and we understand human cost . 'And make no mistake , we have already collected 2,500 CCTV tapes . '
No , it 's all right . And something for him to drink , too . - Do you work around here ?
'Did you turn on the radio and hear them say 1,003 dead ? 'Did you put down your mat over the rocks and kneel down to pray ? ' I prayed .
Right , wait , wait and ... go ! Mummy , get him out now . Mr Rabbit does n't like going in the dizzy machine .
I 'm going to kill those bastards . Drinking and shouting all hours . I mean , there 's families in these flats .
I feel like I 'm about to go off myself , I 'm so full of nerves . We 've got a little boy , he 's four . He 's an handful .
I would n't say that . Look ... the other night was a mistake . I never should 've done that .
Key 's under the flower pot . - How long since the alert went out ? - 40 , 45 minutes .
I 'll fix that for you . It 's just a needle and thread . You 're a brave bunny .
Calm down ! I 'll catch up with you on Monday . - Hey , baby .
You sure you want him dead ? - Yes , man , are you deaf ? Dead .
Fuck you , man ! - I 'll tell you what I get told all the time . What you just told me .
I ai n't had crisp in time , you know ! Let me have your crisp . - Tss !
